Ty's Manipulator currently spinning, favourite new album I've heard for a good while
Incredulus after discovering 'the named person' scheme, this is real and going to happen - http://t.co/SXQ07eE3vA
...That's the stupidist thing I've ever read... Oh shit wait it's permanently etched on your skin- #thinkbeforeyouink
Elliott Smith still can't be rivalled
Looking forward to a night on the floor of london airport thanks to @easyjet
@StephenHarper28 Glad to hear it! I'm very well, due a catch up sometime soon in summer!
@Mcintyre97 Waste forever
@ToastMaGoats Ooh that is tempting. We should just do a week about haha
PM defending Gary Barlow because he's raised a lot for charity but breaks the law to keep his own to himself
The dilemmas you face post exams
Imagine actually getting a migraine the night before an exam
Time disappears the night before an exam it's quite sweet
Best soundcloud comment: "Fucking ambient, man. Right on."
Fighting off going back to bed
In other news Under The Skin was extraordinarily good
Having a shit day and chipped the jag twice to top it off.
" Fuck off or I'm gonna give you another fucking urine infection." S, Liam. (2014. Aberdeen College.)
What do you do in Aberdeen during the day?
Papermoons and football etc were ace tonight
Having to blow my nose every 3 minutes, this is debasement
So ill I can't leave my room
Actually alive and on time for Night of The Hunter at the @DCAdundee
Also the urge to listen to Simon &amp; Garfunkel has arisen from my deep sub conscious
So excited for the bicycle thieves screening later today, one of the best films ever
@ReeceRobertson6 It's really strange, worth a listen though
@ReeceRobertson6 You heard the manics cover of umbrella?
Up to our hips is the best charlatans album and returning it to my phone has kept me afloat this week
Connan mock a sin THA NITE
jarmusch visuals with sonic youth works very well 
http://t.co/Mnc6tUASWh
Decided I must acquire a harpsichord, at any cost
@mashupmymind I don't think so:( I'm going to connan mockasin the week after
The Hobbit was so good I've spent all day wanting to see it again
I think my moods correspond to how my guitars playing, it's mysteriously singing after being untouched for a week
The Rugrats movie is on haha yasss!
Woke up with tonsillitis and a headache, far from amused
Reminded me of @SergeantMusic at the Rothes halls #longliveSergeant
England is so nice but for the accent(s)
KV was insane
Depressing being home
@PatersonMark Bummer like, got till Tuesday though so its not the end of the world
Girl in the library with the biggest head I've ever seen and the smallest nose I've ever seen wont sit down and I can't do history cos her
Haha remember scumbody told me
Feel like a should just detach my head and just carry it home safely
Donno where the days gone donno where the weeks gone donno where the last 3 months have gone... donno where my minds gone
@Fishista :P
The old pixies tha nite :P
Today I watched the Virgin Suicides for the first time and Brian Hoyle used the word Kafkaesque in a lecture on westerns. Downhill from here
Emma got me a Kurt Vile ticket, smug am I
Connah Mockasin is so soothing
Good Vibrations was surprisingly good, such a sad story at the same time
sweet Mac DeMarco http://t.co/DOiSFggNOz
@rchlmcclln Glad to see your life is still a tragic comedy film
Yass! Take the skinheads bowling on radio6, not heard this in years
Istanbul not Constantinople
Dank god that lecture ended 20 mins early, Scottish slavery is rough stuff
Half one what no
You leave me dry
@schristie89 I think I saw someone walking behind me in town of that description.. you didn't give away my new location did you?
He not busy being born is busy dying
Violent femmes man, all day long
Takin it easy tonight http://t.co/yRLS0xyBb4
@GurtisCray Rizla liquorice skins are the way forward
Just when I think I'm out, they pull me back in
Shuffle treated me to Gates of Eden, Peace Frog and So Divine in succession I touched god
@__BabyLemonade At the cameo in Edinburgh, makes such a difference seeing it at a cinema
Edinburgh was great this weekend, lengthy conversations with socialists in folk pubs and the Warhol exhibition is so cool
Listening to Loveless on the night bus to Edinburgh is such a sensation
All that heaven allows was something else, everyone needs more 50s melodramas in their life
Been such a pavement day
Going to get my bike license sorted soon! http://t.co/bWxu4OQDHI
Ran out of fags so had to smoke a cigar #fs
The monkey has a gift he is sending back to you
Lidl is 'beast'
Crestfallen, dejected with the east coast crush.
Pure Pain is the only song I can listen to
Strangers in the night, oh yeah
I need a fix cause I'm going down
Might have to buy NME for the first time in 2 years cos In Utero is everything
@aaron__black http://t.co/LhRLMFTKYb
@lyallanna i know right, Heathfield, what are you up to with your life?
@Half__A__Person text me dude
