Motivational quotes only last for like 5 mins.. Never works
Who say your life flashes pass you only before you die?! They forget there is GRADUATION DAY! :')
If only twitter had a talking function. #foreveralone
You know you're in the right relationship when both uses all their heart to commit
A smile can change everything~
Happiness comes in many forms, its just that is a person able to identify the real true meaning?
A smile can show happiness and also hide sadness..
Sorry guys for not tweeting for so long!! I'm in Taiwan and I can hardly find the Internet at my hotel!
5 hours to Taiwan!!!
When you're in love, the songs your partner sings are even better than Justin B's...
The Devil Inside is unleashed if you ever touch my phone without permission.
I didn't change, I grew up. Maybe you should try it sometime.
SHOUTOUT TO MY FOLLOWERS 10,000!!!
@siyaaan So sorry for the late reply!
RT if tonight is a boring night for you!
@josephdoherty_ Haha i have no idea, faithful followers i guess!
Never hope for the best.. It just leaves you disappointed
Pride comes from within.
You'll always have this someone in your heart, no matter what you do and how long it is...
@votredemoiselle I see you're another victim too huh... Oh well Cheer Up!
YESSAHHH BALI, GET READY FOR @Marcnificentz!!!!
"RIP Rowan Atkinson?" How dare you!!! Teddy is gonna come tonight!
Sometimes it makes me wonder if people change once they are attached?
#InThisGeneration couples break up over stupid issues
@dominiqueeek YUP!
" Do your best to have whatever you love, otherwise you will be forced to love whatever you have,"
Never trust someone who lies to you and never lie to someone who puts all their trust into you.
#WeWereCoolUntil you switched of internet.
I'm not stalking you, i'm just following you extensively
The key to happiness is not to make everyone happy but only to make yourself happy.
That awkward moment when people think they’re funny, but they are just annoying.
At this generation, understanding girls are a just a wee bit little easier. They have twitter :)
" there will be no sunlight if I lose you baby." #kudosbrunomars
Once they see you doing better without them, that’s when they want you.
"If you have no where to run, the road to me is always open"
Exams are a dread
There is someone always there to hurt you... Doesn't matter who is it.. Use 5 words. " chin up, stand your ground!"
Winning isn't everything... But it sure makes me happy!!!
It isn’t always enough to be forgiven by others. Sometimes you have to learn to forgive yourself.
Sometimes, love doesn’t die it just changes.
That awkward moment when you wait for a text but you realize you’re the one that didn’t reply.
@katielou2013 Definitely Tanned hahha
R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS! STARTING SHOUTOUTS IN 10 M I N S! ( MUST BE F0LLOWING ME )[FIRST 30 GET PROMO]
It’s easy to stand with the crowd. It takes courage to stand alone.
@AzeemTheLagend hahah Thanks :)
@katielou2013 Where are you from?
@katielou2013 Thanks :)
"They say Disney World is the happiest place on earth, obviously they have never been in your arms."
The internet always seems way more interesting when you have work to be done.
You only have ONE advantage over me. You can kiss my ass and I can’t.
"I’m not single. I’m in a long-standing relationship with fun and freedom."
If it doesn’t matter then you shouldn’t be thinking about it.
Don't focus too intently on negative aspects of life but spend more time counting your blessings.
The awkward moment when your jokes make logical sense.
You only have ONE advantage over me. You can kiss my ass and I can’t.
Next time you think of beautiful things, don’t forget to count yourself in.
True friendship isn’t about who you’ve know the longest but it’s about who came and never left your side.
You are not a winner, just the last loser standing.
If someone stick by your side through your worst times, then they deserve to be with you through your good times.
"You talk too much, you laugh too loud, that's the price of love."
" :0 + :P = 69 "
That awkward moment when people think they’re funny, but they are just annoying.
Be kind and courteous to everyone you meet but have a plan to kill them quickly if necessary.

 #truespy
The weekends forecast… 100% chance of being drunk with a slight chance of making an ass out of myself. HAPPY NEW YEAR!
You’ll always meet problems in life. If you can handle it well, it will make you stronger.
Next time you think of beautiful things, don’t forget to count yourself in.
Christmas just ended!!! RT & Mention what kinda presents you got!
Merry Christmas Guys! #shoutoutfromsingapore
Sometimes you just wanna hold someone tight and never let go even though your arms are numb and pain
"I wish my money would have sex in my wallet and multiply."
Having someone dump you and say: "We can still be friends!" 
Is like having your mom say: "Your dog died but you can still keep it!"
In a world of people being who they are not, be the person that you are.
You’ll always meet problems in life. If you can handle it well, it will make you stronger.
All I need is to hold you, that's the best present.
Next time you think of beautiful things, don’t forget to count yourself in.
You think you have conquered the world once you have successfully smacked a fly!!
I totally agree with this.. http://t.co/sy2bUhvt
" No mum, i didn't drink alcohol... there was just a beer fountain and a merely opened my mouth!"
"True love stories never have endings."
Once you're under a mistletoe, you better pucker up :)
The dissapointing moment when you get the least Christmas presents.
Its funny how you think the whole world is against you sometimes...stay strong :)
" If I was a book, you’d be every word. "
Thinking of the unexpected sometimes allows you to be stronger when someday it really happens.
Someone will always be prettier. Someone will always be smarter. Someone will always be younger. But they will never be me. #swaglikethat
Being negative is a positive day down the drain, lighten up beautiful :)
I just need YOUR HAND to hold, not anyone else.
"If you’re talking behind my back, you’re in a good position to kiss my ass!"
"There’s nothing scarier then getting what you want, cause that’s when you really have something to lose."
@Destinee_Dinae haha cool oh sorry!
@Destinee_Dinae I mean Follow back? :)
@Destinee_Dinae FB? :)
In this world.there is no such thing as an ugly girl, but only a lazy one.
" Sometimes silence is the best way to let someone know they did you wrong, talking will only allow them to argue back "
My nightmares are not about monsters or zombies, its about losing you.
" Every girl can dream of fairy tales and every girl needs at least one to come true." Guys, suit up and get ready.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
LOve is like insurance, you have to keep giving to get security and a happy ending.
Can i paste this sign on you? (All Rights Reserved)
