If you love me, stay by me and believe that no matter what, i'll never let you go
Kudos to those who had a tough day today but persevered through it...
In times like these, all you can do is kneel and pray.
"Everything is God's blessing, appreciate it.."
life practically goes pass in a blink of an eye...
Time is An important factor for love
When I enjoy myself it doesn't mean I forget my drive and aims, I'm resting so that I can strive Harder
Sat this in Taiwan and practically owned it.. http://t.co/HfL7nS9R
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend. If she's not jealous, means she already have someone else on her mind!
Your voice is better than any song I have heard :)
#Its2012WhyYouStill using facebook?
All I ever wanted to do is see you smile..
Life is all about making mistakes and learn from them!
@JennaMVPWG haha it's night for my my side :)
#TheThingIHateTheMost people who have no drive in life.
Taiwan in 6 days :)
I saw this once in the cubicle: "Don't pee on the seat, don't beat your meat."
You might even be with them now :)
PLEASE YOU DO NOT NEED A DSLR TO TAKE PICTURE OF YOURSELF IN THE FREAKING BATHROOM!!!
RT to those whose friend's changed after they got attached!
@Siyaaan Sucks to know it sometimes...
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing " say that you'll reach in freaking 5 mins." Never gonna happen!
#Twitition DEMAND AN APOLOGY FROM KBS FOR BIG BANG CONTROVERY http://t.co/CduXUQXD
#InThisGeneration you're judged by ONLY YOUR LOOKS.
RT If you have to study but you feel lazy!
RT If tonight is a lonely night for you...
National Bowler Remy Ong bowled over a pregnant dog with his Size "P"orche ball.
#NeverTellAGirl to shut up. Tried it... barely survived...
"I was wondering if you want me too~"
That awkward moment when an automatic door doesn’t open for you.
Just when you thought your parents nagging have stopped... IT RETURNS AGAIN... worst than any movie sequel
RT If you are too lazy to text, unless it is someone you like!
" Beauty isn’t about having a pretty face. It’s about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul. "
Guys, My Name has Officially changed from... @SwaggerQuotez to @Marcnificentz ! RT This!!!
Awkward moment two people have a conversation on your Facebook comment!
" don't lie and say that you're okay..."
@Bleachedrozes I know I shouldn't bother but.. Cheer up!
Next time you think of beautiful things, don’t forget to count yourself in.
You’ll always meet problems in life. If you can handle it well, it will make you stronger.
"Sex? No thanks. My life fucks me everyday."
@katielou2013 hahha pretty good :) you?
@katielou2013 Ah.. Cool Place :) SIngapore.
The greatest part of being imperfect, is being perfect at it.
Hey Guys, in a few days time, I will be changing my name to my real name, i hope you guys will still stay with me and my quotez
@A_NeuroticKid hey thanks man :)
@DOJOCLUBB Live it with no regrets. Take a chance, cause thats all it takes to change everything
You only have ONE advantage over me. You can kiss my ass and I can’t.
@Mario_Bros345 Thanks Man!
" People may spread shit about you, all you gotta do is stay strong"
It isn’t always enough to be forgiven by others. Sometimes you have to learn to forgive yourself.
The key to change… is to let go of fear.
Boys may like dumb girls but Men love smart ones
Before you ask someone why they hate the guts outta you, maybe you should ask yourself why you even care.
Believe is easily said but hardly done
Sometimes the effort you put into the relationship just can;t be seen by others.
Its a compliment, not a time bomb.. Don't make your head explode...
The freaky moment when you think someone is staring at you!
Cracks in the concrete are just reminders that you can fall apart no matter how strong you are, just let yourself go
@christinacameyy Thanks so much :)
"I have finally decided to give a crap. Now who wants the first piece?"
"Being the best is great, I’m number one. But being unique is greater, I’m the only one."
If only parents came with a mute button.
Anyone is alot more attractive when they are funny.
@DeeDeAbreu Hey thanks so much :)
It isn’t always enough to be forgiven by others. Sometimes you have to learn to forgive yourself.
Cracks in the concrete are just reminders that you can fall apart no matter how strong you are, just let yourself go
That awkward moment when an automatic door doesn’t open for you.
Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank, give a man a bank and he can rob the world
"You’re not fat, come on, chin up. And the other one, and the other one."
@DidunAyodeji Hey, thanks man :)
" The most eloquent silence; that of two mouths meeting in a kiss."
I was wondering if you're want me too...
Cuddling under the blanket is the best place during a downpour
In life sometimes all we need to do is look at the bigger picture to truly appreciate everything
It isn’t always enough to be forgiven by others. Sometimes you have to learn to forgive yourself.
Sometimes we feel like we're waiting for something that is never gonna happen
The key to change… is to let go of fear.
That awkward moment when you look under your bed and there is actually a monster.
"That awkward moment when you go for a handshake and they go for a hug."
Shoot for the stars so even if you fail, you'll land somewhere near it.
Sexy is not what you wear, but how you carry yourself to people
That anxious moment when you can’t find your phone because your bed swallowed it whole.
Guys, give her one reason to smile, when she have 1000 reasons to cry.
That awkward moment when you’re stalking someone through facebook and accidentally like one of their posts.
Santa is always jolly, he knows where the naughty girls live.
WIthout you is like a happy meal without a toy, there isn;t any point...
"You got nothing to lose. You don’t lose when you lose fake friends."
"You know you had fun when you can’t tell your parents what you did, oh man deep shit"
That awkward moment when you go for a handshake and they go for a hug.
"If you’re not going to tell me something, don’t bring it up."
@ninaB4ever FB? :)
The truth is the more you care, the more you have to loose..
hey girls, if he doesn’t make you a priority, then explore your options.
Follow the way that your heart leads you. its your compass
A smile is a curve that makes everything straight, so girls don't put your smile away :)
When you bring peace to the past, you can move forward to the future.
Dear Past, thanks for all the lessons. Dear Future, I’m ready.
This Christmas i'm gonna paste a mistletoe on my forehead, so i can kiss myself #foreveralone
