BUFFALO SOLDIER DREADLOCK RASTA
Bacon is the answer to all questions
I just wanna be the one you run to when you're downnnn
DUMBBELL DANCE
If I ever had a child and they bought me one of those 'mum' rings from Argos I think I would immediately put them up for adoption
Picking what to watch on Netflix is so difficult
Belfast Telegraph running out of ideas l m a o http://t.co/NG9n6rfWZo
!!! http://t.co/51zkqb0B2K
It's like butter baby
It should be against the law for guys to not have handlebar moustaches
4am couldn't be a better time to have a dance party to Britney Spears
Have the tiniest suitcase to pack for tomorrow but still cannot be bothered. Laziness wins yet again 💁
Forever late for things
Can't stop saying macaroons in a Scottish accent
People that take shitey pictures of piers and trees and claim to be a photographer like NO what are you doing bye
Some peoples attempts at spelling the word 'psycho' are amusing
Why do people hate me idek
1 like = 1 respect
Selling old used shoes gives me the creeps
I think I'm slowly becoming an online shopaholic HELP
Stern, firm and young with a laid back tongue
Waiting on stuff to arrive in the post feels like F O R E V E R
Wish I was Greek/Italian/Brazilian/Polish
I want an Aaron Paul
Reppin http://t.co/0PpNVSYj8C
When you begin to gather a bit of self esteem and then one of the most unreal looking girls posts a picture on NO THANK YOU
Right now I just want to pack up all my belongings and move to Jamaica
Spiders should be kept on an isolated island away from human life
Nah fuck that
Nothing worse than wanting to listen to a song and only knowing the tune of it
Kebabs light up my life
some people are so damn gullible
Going home and trying on your new clothes is the best ever
My nephew's talking Woody from Toy Story keeps going off automatically. It's so creepy/annoying
Ya gotta love Wayne's World http://t.co/pm5bcbBnDW
Too attached to Flappy Bird to ever delete it
Walked in on an old woman getting changed in the gym. Traumatised to say the least
Handlebar mustaches are my favourite things EVER
Rock to the rhythm and bop to the beat of the radio
I'm so sick of hearing every single detail about the Kardashians like fuck up I have no interest in their life
I won't deny it I'm a straight ridaaaah
Feel so dumb standing at the bus stop in my workout gear. Oh well
Remember Lady Sovereign haha wow
Current mood 💭http://t.co/yuX2WkDlPk
Feel like something is popping in my ribs everytime I breathe lmao SO 'EALTHY!
@chowdive lmao
🌞
So tired but have about a million things going on in my head. Nah son
Cheese on toast cheese on toast 🐭
@vizzy182 Ahh no that would annoy me so much
It upsets me that there isn't a Slam Dunk Ireland this year. WHY FOR???
Great success I applaud myself
There's something very uncomfortable about being in a taxi with a random taxi man and Sexual Healing comes on the radio
If probably still adore you with your hands around my neck
Love the feeling of no make up I could rub my eyes 4ever
Too ratchet for red bottoms
A woman on Come Dine With Me gave her guests nipple tassels as presents. This show never fails to amuse me
I wish you could hire someone to scratch your back
Just put hairspray on my armpits. I need a reality check
Last night I was begging the pizza place to deliver food and when she said no I started making fun of her fingernails omg no ENOUGH
The VICE Guide to Pizza | VICE http://t.co/7TSO2RO0As via @VICEUK
Can I be lazy and skinny at the same time?
My reaction to life http://t.co/4DzRAgBcKt
Can't believe it 😕
Hate being tanned 😬
#twitter #poop #kardashian #dogfood
My jam http://t.co/ItfNOkyPTf
Eating my dinner and my dad decides to put on a programme with chickens getting cut in half and close ups of chickens laying eggs
Drifting away from people is the worst ever
Finding a nice iPhone case is so difficult
The heart breaking moment when a green sweet is lime and not apple
Fuck the five o
@vizzy182 I'm glad because it's stuck in mine and killing my brain cells one by one
Starships by Nicki Minaj is the biggest load of shite ever. Makes me want to projectile vomit the fact that it got so high in the charts
Someone plz send some sort of chocolate product to me ASAP
Eating an Easter egg before Easter and also at almost 3am. I can't be tamed
Dunno whether to order a Kanye ticket online or in store ehhh
My sister just phoned me to tell me she had a cotton bud stuck in her ear. What am I related to???
How I feel about my current hair http://t.co/eJmJBS9ooL
There's nothing more annoying than waking up just when something is about to happen in your dream
Still can't figure out my new shower. Actually thought I was going to turn into an ice cube
QOTSA at Belfast. Yes plz thank u ok
99.9% of my time is spent watching cooking shows and I can just about toast bread
Old school Trey Songz ayyy lmao http://t.co/BSIXbMd3Wv
That biscuit advertisement with the kittens crawling about melts my heart omg
Waking up to a programme about the making of ballpoint pens. Whitey material
I still don't feel right
@vizzy182 I agree
@vizzy182 I know. I'm so ashamed of myself 😔
@vizzy182  maybe it's the fact that I follow 10 people or maybe not
my radiator just made a piano noise
Not saying I was fond of the original but fuck me that is terrible
All the lights in my house broke and I have a phobia of the dark GMH
