I like boys who are taller than me, smell good, and give great hugs.
Trying to figure out my life right about now .. Too much going on.. Too fast.
I want to be the reason why you fall asleep with your phone in your hand.
I
When you grow, mature, and start experiencing more of life, your opinions change, your definition of real evolves.
I smile for no reason when I think of you.
Sometimes you don't get closure, you just move on.
I didn't change, I grew up.
So tired of your bullshit.
Too many people are stuck in bad relationships because they cant let go of memories.
Emotionally tired.
Big or small, lies are lies
I'm loyal, but it always seems like I'm loyal to the wrong people.
Knowing somebody took the time to let you know you're on their mind can really go a long way on the rough days.
A real boyfriend sees no other females because he only has eyes for his girl.
Enjoy everything, You might not get to experience it twice.
Good people go through the most bullshit.
I wish I could meet myself from someone else?s point of view.
When boys can talk to you for hours &gt;
I want to be the person you're scared to lose.
There's always a real reason behind every "just wondering".
Let's cut the bullshit and be together already.
I don't care how we met, I'm just happy we did.
One GOOD WOMAN is enough. A real man knows that quality is far more important than quantity.
Laugh at stupid jokes. Cry. Apologize. Tell someone how much they mean to you. Live life, because tomorrow's not guaranteed to anyone.
I notice everything, I just act like I don't...
The greatest challenge in life is discovering who you are. The second greatest is being happy with what you find.
If it makes you happy, do it. If it doesn?t, don?t.
You can't stay mad at someone who makes you smile.
I'm so happy I met you.
If you make me laugh im already 89% in love with you.
You can't expect someone to accept your flaws if all you do is ridicule theirs.
Guys she's not afraid to tell you she loves you, she's just afraid you won't tell her you love her back.
If I share my food with you, that means I care.
All that matters, is that you get up more times than you fall.
Successful people never worry about what others are doing.
Always be thankful... life could be worse.
I like boys who are taller than me, smell good, and give great hugs.
Someone: Are you crying? Me: No, I'm having an allergic reaction. Someone: To what? Me: Life.
Sometimes it's the person you least expect that becomes the one person you need the most.
Work hard, stay positive, and good things will happen.
I seriously want to be with you right now.
Every girl deserves to be treated special. So, treat the girl in your life special, or someone else will.
I miss you A little too much. A little too often. And a little more each day.
One old song. Thousand memories.
I hate that feeling you get in your throat when you're trying to talk when you're about to cry.
I either eat nothing or eat everything. There is no in between.
Kissing a girl on the forehead is one of the sweetest things in the world.
You'll never find the right things, If you don't let go of the wrong ones.
Admit it, you like someone you can't have.
Just don't lie to me.
Loyalty is everything
A lot of shit happens to me, I just don't talk about it.
Smile at every person you see today. Happiness is contagious. So are smiles.
You will not get what you truly deserve if you're too attached to things you're supposed to let go of.
Thank you to every person who has ever told me I can't. You are just another reason I will.
I notice everything, but i keep my mouth shut.
Sometimes a "sorry" just isn't enough.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
I love hearing "I saw this and thought of you".
Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. #TrueLife
Being called princess never gets old.
I wonder if we'll ever talk again like we used to.
The best way to move forward is to let go of the people holding you back.
A real woman can handle a busy man, she'll respect his hustle &amp; if he's a real man, he'll know how to make time for her.
A relationship with no arguments, is a relationship with a lot of secrets.
I will never find another you.
Just do whatever makes you happy.
Those memories that you randomly remember and suddenly can't stop smiling.
The biggest achievement in failure is knowing that you tried.
You are stronger than you seem, braver than you believe and smarter than you think.
I want you to be happy. But I want to be the reason.
I hate arguing, but I hate holding shit in.
The prettiest girls have an 'A' in their name
Life has many different chapters. One bad chapter doesn
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
True friends don't count favors.
Time just shows us who and what matters...
Smile. Why? Because it makes you attractive. It changes your mood. It relieves stress. And it helps you stay positive.
I wanna be the girl he can hold hands in public and not care what anyone says.
Someday, I'll take your last name.
Catch no feelings, feel no pain.
Your laugh is the cutest thing.
Don't run from opportunity. If you're waiting for the timing to be right you'll always be too late.
Can I be in a cute relationship yet?
A great woman recognizes his potential. A wise woman helps him find his passion. A real woman inspires him to walk in his purpose.
The people who know nothing about you have the most to say , while the people who no everything say nothing.
Faith is daring the soul to go beyond what the eyes can see.
Sometimes, you need to be alone. Not to be lonely, but to enjoy your free time being yourself.
Best thing about being single? No drama, no fighting, no crying, no feeling, no confusion, no worries, and no problem.
Trust is everything.
No girl wants to hear about your "other girls".
She get jealous. She get mad. She get worried. She get curious. That's only because she cares.
Hearing "I miss you" from the right person &gt;&gt;&gt;
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
I basically have three hair styles: -straight -wavy -homeless
Before you "assume" try this method called "ask".
I hate shaving my legs but I love having shaved legs.
I wouldn't mind spending forever with you.
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
