Sometimes you wish you could delete feelings the way you delete text messages.
Few people understand what it really means to be there for somebody.
There may be a million things to smile about, but you're definitely my favorite one.
To me, you are so so so so so so so so so so so so so perfect.
Sleeping is nice. You forget about everything for a little while.
Good liars are also better at detecting other people
Being a girl is so expensive
If he's the right guy, he won't leave.
We're not friends, we're not enemies. We're just strangers with some memories.
Over thinking does kill your happiness.
Don't sweat it or regret it, just move on and forget it.
I want my next relationship to be my last.
Dear boys, If you don't look like Calvin Klein models, don't expect us to look like Victoria's Secret Angels. Sincerely, girls.
All a girl wants is to feel beautiful, be loved, and to be treated with respect.
Summer went by  way  too  fast
A girlfriend's job is to keep her boyfriend on track, hold him down, and have his back through good times and bad times..
I truly respect the people who stay strong when they have every right to break down.
Without God you can do nothing. With God there is nothing you can't do.
You are beautiful no matter what size you are. &lt;3
Don't change the way you are just to make somebody happy.
Pain isn't a sign of weakness, pain is a sign that you cared.
You shouldn't let other people's opinions affect what you do in life.
I will never be satisfied with my hair length.
Don
An apology is only as good as the actions you put behind it.
If she's crying, don't say anything. Just hug her.
The longer the explanation, the bigger the lie.
Don't judge someone's attitude until you've felt their pain.
Cuddling is cute and fun until the kissing happens... Then... well, shit gets real.
Why can't I stop obsessing over you
Yes, I'm thinking about you right now.
You have enemies? That's not always bad. That means you
A wise woman distinguishes herself thru her words &amp; her actions. She'll make it clear that she's not "them".
Sometimes you have to walk away from what you want to find what you deserve.
Stop trying to tell people what they have isn
If we date, let's make it last.
I promise to stay if you promise to never leave.
Always chase your dreams. Even if you have to do it at night.
I just want you, that's all.
Don't give everything to people who give you nothing.
Don?t push away the people who truly care about you, because one day, you will push them away, and they won?t come back.
It's this simple...never lie to someone who trusts you, and never trust someone who lies to you.
I wanted everything to stay the same but feelings fade and people change.
If a girl leans toward you, kiss her. If her hand is free, hold it. If she's upset, hug her until she is okay. We love it.
Life is for living, not for stressing.
Be with someone who brings out the best in you, not the stress in you.
Twitter makes me forget I have text messages.
The more you try to control something, the more it controls you. Free yourself, and let things take their own natural course.
I became strong when you set me free and I became even stronger when I let you go.
Just because I forgive you, doesn't mean I want you back. I'm forgiving, letting go &amp; moving on to something better.
I wouldn't mind kissing your lips everyday.
If you are not happy single, you won't be happy taken, you need to find what makes you happy within.
Life is about trusting our feelings, taking chances finding happiness, appreciating the memories and learning from the past.
Sometimes the best way to get someone's attention, is to stop giving them yours.
I've seen you at your worst and I still think you're the best.
You are exactly what I want.
When you fall for someone's personality, everything about them becomes beautiful.
Silence is a girl
Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait, but it's even more difficult to regret.
Time is more valuable than money! You can always get more money, you can't get more time.
She's been hurt but she's stronger, lied to &amp; now she's smarter, with heartbreak comes wisdom &amp; now she refuses to settle.
Girls love when you play with their hair
School tomorrow :(
Guys who love to cuddle &gt;
I want to refresh my mind, clear all my problems and just have fun with life.
Be careful who you trust, the devil was once an angel.
Don't make time for people that don't make time for you
People just aren't loyal anymore.
You still make me smile, even if you're the main reason why I frown...
At the end of the day, the only person you can really trust is yourself.
This time, last year, everything was so different.
Tired of being pushed to the side, It's always everyone else's problems before mine.
The worst kind of pain is when you're smiling to stop the tears from falling.
It
I spend most of my time thinking about stuff I know won't ever happen.
Real love means keeping promises.
Some people's smile is just as fake as their personality.
We do not speak of 6th-8th grade, it never happened.
Don't let the person who didn't love you keep you from the one who will.
Actions will always prove why words mean nothing without them.
Dear Past, thank you for your lessons. Dear Future, I'm ready. Dear God, thank you for another chance.
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says, "I'm possible."
If Starbucks delivered, I would be a morning person.
The boys who respect their parents &gt;
Seeing guys play with little kids is probably one of the most attractive things ever.
I seriously can't stop thinking about you..
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend, you should worry if she doesn't care.
Sometimes, the person you really need is the one you didn't think you wanted.
?k?, ?ok?, and ?okay? are 3 very different things
Smile more, worry less.
Don't apologize for something you plan on doing again.
3 things I want in a relationship: Eyes that won't cry, lips that won't lie, and love that won't die.
Have you ever asked yourself, "when is it my turn to be happy?"
Texting, Calling, and Messaging will never be as good as having you next to me
I fell for you, so hard.
Bottom line, a man must take care of his woman and a woman must take care of her man. No one is before the other.
Whatever you decide to do in life, make sure it makes YOU happy.
True love is either yes or no, never maybe
Sorry. I can't go to school tomorrow. I fractured my motivation.
Sometimes, you have to smile to hide your fears and laugh to hide your tears.
