@SpotifyCares I've noticed my spotify is connected to my old university email. I tried to change it to another emai… https://t.co/4qBDdlB7GH
@SpotifyCares Hey, my Release Radar and New Music Friday playlists haven't updated from last weeks ones, even upon… https://t.co/GK3XfF4ubB
why are people saying things like 'i'm upset but that's democracy' uhm hello we're scotland and that wasn't democratic at all
somebody actually got off the train at croy, never in all my years have i witnessed that
a sad life
twitter blocked my account for 'suspicious activity' aye right then all i tweet about is what i'm eating
@lailah_razvi @FuseODG This Is New Africa!
my eyes will be bigger than my belly for life.
i convinced myself that a year out of my plan was what i wanted and now i wish i had just found a way to make a masters happen this year
can a downfall be too much enthusiasm? because that's me.
i swear the moon is oval and tipped around tonight.
@GreggsOfficial i really need iced fingers back
what kind of person do you have to be to want to hunt foxes? rotten, rotten, rotten.
#deepinsightfultweetofthemonth
#bringbackthemacaronipie
a year ago today i was in mexico and two years ago today i was interrailing. current me is jealous. 😭
i'm still RAGING at stannis. if the boltons didn't exist he'd be my least favourite character but i didn't expect him to do that. #passion
i went to sleep at 7pm last night and i'm still bloody tired waking up at 5am. :-(
life isn't fair.
it's 6am, why is my stomach rumbling?
@zxcvbnmichael how do you know i was originally being sarcastic? 😏
life is so weird just now like everyone is doing things and achieving things, the last 4 years have gone so quickly.
or at least not until i do a masters.
why is fox hunting an issue being dealt with? ignoring the million reasons that make it wrong, why is that a main thing? why? bastards.
#indyref2015 #indyref8thofmay
'chunks' is absolutely my least favourite word.
proper envy people that don't have jobs alongside uni
the universe blows my mind.
nah. afternoon exams are tragic. i don't have the ability to revise the morning of.
days like this i could really do with a car. and being able to drive.
it snowed a few flakes 5 minutes ago. it's the end of april. why?
this is a sore stomach like i have never experienced before.
the sooner this coming week is over, the better.
my favourite thing about exam time is study snacks.
love bites by def leppard is my underrated guilty pleasure from my early teenage years.
when you accidentally type 'moist' instead of 'most' *shudder*
i want statistics done on a possible correlation between above average weather and falling exam results
current mood: pufferfish deflating.
@zxcvbnmichael what's a fffffffff?
@zxcvbnmichael mental m8.
actually feeling ill from the amount of revision/coursework still to do.
i just wanna sleeppppp.
can't help but be disappointed in bands that keep their uk tour within england.
stannis my pure least favourite characterrrr.
baby, instant soup doesn't really grab me. today i need something more sub sub sub sub-stantial.
i missed sunny + warm weather 🌞🐝
the medieval problems twitter page is the funniest thing ever like
frustrating.
last few weeks of 4th year of uni, still only read abstracts for essays #yoloswag
nothing more frustrating than glasto fans that think their sacred festival is for just all male white rock bands ugh
the quarter irish in me wants to get steaming today.
2 days into summer i'll be complaining about the heat (18 degrees +) but let me be excited just now.
charity versions of gameshows: 'oh sorry nope you didn't andwer right no money for charities today bye'
@shazz_01 naw esp :)
why do i only ever feel like going out out in the middle of deadlines?
do you ever get out of breath from getting into bed?
and one day we will die and our ashes will fly from the aeroplane over the sea.
crying at the legal loophole in ireland which has made ecstasy and ketamine legal for the next two days.
why is it so windy all the time
i have perfected getting by on 4 hours sleep 7 days a week.
forgot how much i used to love sunny side up
on another note, i got a 1st in my dissertation so that makes up for anything else that happens ever. :D
@zxcvbnmichael mate, this is not just when 'getting ready' haha.
@zxcvbnmichael on the occasion.
when will noel gallagher shut up though?
no it's too early.
guess who has hayfever today
@zxcvbnmichael preach it sista
@zxcvbnmichael why you gotta be so ruuu uuu ude
after graduation will be so weird like what will happen? nobody knows.
what if i stop 4th year and reinstall the sims
i genuinely study better since i started paying for spotify cus i don't have to think about changing/pausing songs now #moneybuysgrades
when you tweet about the weather regularly you know you've got a bangin' life.
@zxcvbnmichael get farked.
been in a bad mood all day but now channelling some positive energy outta it eh because 2015 has been no bad
...aaaand now it's time to get back into bed.
@zxcvbnmichael bye.
@mamoswines my record is 17 times or something!
where is the fun in doing deadlines early?
it's the last semester of the last year of uni and i'm writing an entire report the night before. :(
uni work crisis. how about i watch 'top 100 one hit wonder' on youtube.
i associate i gotta feeling by the black eyed peas heavily with easier and more simpler times #deeptweetoftheday
evidence for a wasted life. http://t.co/7Dc7YnPHzY
keen for summer tbh.
mind how 12:51 used to be my fav song well i always seem to look at the time exactly when it is 12:51 it's creepy
@zxcvbnmichael http://t.co/0BqSQyl42I
happy 5am everyone
feel so awake for 8am, today will be a good day!
sorry but i still listen to chandelier about 20 times a day
@zxcvbnmichael who are you btw? not too sure, don't think i've seen you around before.
found myself liking a slipknot song bye
@heathergibson4L probz high for the 15th day this week eh
@heathergibson4L do yi fuck
guess who is downloading the bebo app onto his phone
is there anything more boring in the world than golf?? ? except cricket?
