@SpotifyCares Hey! I've tried all that - on phone and laptop.
@laldawg omg i forgot about this
congrats leicester, everyone likes an underdog!
just finished a 51 hour week at work where is my alcohol
i regularly go on the official greggs twitter page and get really wound up by the people complaining and then i'm like josh chill it's okay
snow and thunder &amp; lightning at the same time, this is so exciting
i love halloween almost as much as christmas.
and now every week is deflating and i'm bored all the time #joshstragicbackstory
when you don't have to set your alarm for 5am 💃
that makes sense to me, okay.
@GreggsOfficial edinburgh!
praise the iced finger god.
everyone and their dog is going to croatia.
i'm too quick to apologise so typically i don't deal with people that never admit that they are wrong well.
i'm not okay #gameofthrones
however, the last scene gave me goosebumps. #cringe
OOH game of thrones tonight.
spring clean time eh
actually too tired to do today.
@zxcvbnmichael oh, well then. must have nailed dem higher english tone questions.
@zxcvbnmichael incredible advice, thnx 4 inspiring meh.
procrastination in the form of a trip to the recycling bins.
jesus christ, i cannot wait to revise for an exam never again.
i didn't need an alarm to wake up at 5.20am this morning, i woke up naturally. how depressing.
listening to mgmt induces huge nostalgia like.
omg kygo's remix of sexual healing is on spotify, an important day.
i'm more stubborn that i ever realised.
why are there no vending machines that considerately give you your fizzy juice instead of sending it at 100mph?
@zxcvbnmichael i always get green lel #treehugger. tbf i usually get a little bit of lib dem. 😶
who invented potato as a pizza topping? c'mere i wanna hug you.
can't believe it was around 4 years ago i left high school wowee.
in huge amounts of pain right now.
@KellycurrKelly nope, i just like the quote!
yesterday is history. tomorrow is a mystery. today is a gift, that is why they call it the present. #cheesyquoteoftheday
my neighbor totoro is definitely my favourite if we ignore spirited away (an obvious masterpiece).
me at the start of every summer: 'i have never been hotter in my life'
who actually revises when it's sunny and warm?
does anyone wanna revise applied environmental geochemistry for me because i do not
i really want to host a murder mystery party but i could never be bothered organising it.
bye.
@zxcvbnmichael gtf, you katie hopkins enthusiast.
tragic sleeping pattern, poor life choices.
completely fallen in love with california by phantom planet all over again.
game of thrones o'clockkkkkkkkkkkkk.
today is coke from a can weather.
my logic: i walked up arthur's seat yesterday, i deserve a pizza hut.
kokomo is the best worst song ever.
it's always when i'm up at 5am that i'm wide awake all night
holy, i've never been happier to be in bed.
i don't understand when the hacker of a facebook announces who they are and then proceeds to create cringey statuses haha.
@shazz_01 TUNE
so game for summer. not doing anything  majorly exciting but buzzing for hundreds of those little plans that make an awesome summer.
@zxcvbnmichael let's pretend we're in antarctica.
i wrote an introduction to an essay that isn't due for two and a half weeks could you all please congratulate me
i remember when over and over by hot chip was my favourite song oh simple times
in the aeroplane over the sea is forever my favourite.
the computer restart i've been dodging since 2012 is no longer unavoidable bye
don't answer that i study geoscience.
@zxcvbnmichael pull yoself the gether, boy.
@zxcvbnmichael bye.
at some point i have to get okay at presentations, right?
less than 2% off a 1st in the last semester of uni, RIP.
@zxcvbnmichael 🙋
@zxcvbnmichael the worst part is that you're correct.
i overthink everything.
today is the best dayyyyyy
swear to god dot cotton just passed me in a car
okay but this week is skive week so my 5 essays or something can wait
looking forward to my afternoon nap already
everybody shut up it's gold and lilac #thedress
can these next few days just fly by please
WE NEVER GO OUT OF STYLE #guiltytswiftfan
@zxcvbnmichael 💩
so cold, staying in bed is so appealing.
why the hell is it snowing? nope.
@zxcvbnmichael chinese lantern!
the moon is incredible tonight
ban tuna filled sandwiches from public transport
i absolutely cannot deal right now.
can't believe how strange it is to be anything at aaaaaaaaalllllll
i feel especially deep tonight. #lol
i get so annoyed when students on tv say 'i read' instead of 'i study' idek why but shut up
pancake day is on tuesday what a time to be alive.
we'd go out and get 40s, then we'd go to some party
@zxcvbnmichael l m a o
i love food an unexplainable amount.
kanye isn't half as arrogant as alex turner but nope he's never be dissed
there is heat from the sun!!! spring is arriving!!!!!!
@zxcvbnmichael age of empires.
positive correlation between how outta control my day is and how many creme eggs i've consumed.
discussing the end of humans with my taxi driver eh
@zxcvbnmichael F. sorry you failed this class.
@lizzzzzardqueen oh no :(
it's not a fuckin uk tour if it's just cities in england
