You can change dollar bill but you can’t change the way I feel.
What the wise do in the beginning, fools do in the end.
You learn more from a person in an hour of play then a year of conversation. Plato
History doesn’t repeat itself, but it often rhymes.  Mark Twain
If at first the idea is not absurd then there is no hope for it.  Albert Einstein
The only way to live is by excepting each minute as an repeatable miracle. Storm Jameson
It is curious that physical current should be so common in the world, and world coverage so rare.  Mark Twain
Only a person who risks is free.
The only way to live is by accepting each minute as an unrepeatable miracle. Storm Jameson
The ones among you who will be really happy are those who have sought and found how to serve. Albert Schweitzer
Great spirits have always encountered violent apposition from mediocre minds.  Albert Einstein
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the moment. Buddha
There is no such thing as too much love, even too much is not enough
If you're going through hell keep going.  Winston Churchill
It is curious how physical courage is so common in the world, and moral courage so rare. Mark Twain
A man should never be ashame to say he has been wrong, which is but saying in other words that he is wiser today than he was yesterday. Pope
To dare is to lose one"s footing momentarily, Not to dare is to lose oneself. Soren Kierkegaard
I must go down to the sea again, to the lonely sea and the sky, and all I ask is a tall ship and a star to steer her by. John Masefield
No man can wear one face to himself &amp; another to the multitude, w/o finally getting bewildered as to which may be true. Nathaniel Hawthorne
Now I know the secret of making the best persons; it is to grow in the open  air and eat and sleep with the earth. Walt Whitman
History has shown that cheap stocks can get cheaper, and recovery can be slow even following positive developments.
Be brave and walk away early.
The foolish person seeks happiness in the distance; the wise grow it under his/her feet. James Oppenheimer
This is the most stressful metric I have seen in a while. 66% of startup founders have less &lt;12 months cash left.
Enjoy life. There is plenty of time to be dead. Anderson
My opinion is that you never find happiness until you stop looking for it. Chang Tzu
"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.” Socrates
"There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance.” Socrates
If at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it. Albert Einstein
One does not discover new lands without consenting  to lose sight of the shore for a very long time. Andre Gide
Only a person who risks is free. Anonymous
I you want to go quickly, go alone. If want to go far, fo together. African Proverb
Know what you own, and why you own it. Peter Lynch
If all the economists were laid end to end, they'd never reach a conclusion. George Bernard Shaw
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that. Norman Vincent Peale
Ordain for thyself forthwith a certain form and type of conduct, which thou shalt maintain, both alone, and when it may chance among men.
Intriguing https://t.co/b71Cdk6AMH
It is the space between the notes that makes the music.....
Cute... https://t.co/P3E8kOJAWM
Great pic! https://t.co/PVm9sJMioo
A man always has two reasons for what he does -- a good one, and the real one. J.P. Morgan
Great story! https://t.co/pdELIkFzE2
i do not fix problems. i fix my thinking. Then problems fix themselves. Louise Hay
Beautiful! https://t.co/eBFCqvHsU6
BioTech Stock Review initiated coverage on Vystar (VYST) $0.10. https://t.co/7bY7AhpTcv
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
The stock market is filled with individuals who know the price of everything, but the value of nothing. Phillip Fisher
Good tool to help understand block chain. https://t.co/N5RZRqLLbq
Histograms can be quite quite revealing. https://t.co/qDHQuJwZ3D
To forget how to dig the earth and tend the soil is to forget ourselves. Gandhi
To many people spend money they earned to buy things they don't want to impress people that they don't like. Will Rogers
Beautiful:) https://t.co/uFlk0IO3aJ
A big part of financial freedom is having your heart and mind free from worry about the what-ifs of life.
IMMU buy or sell? Judge puts Seattle Genetics' $2 billion deal with Immunomedics on hold.
Can't wait to read. https://t.co/n4fUcR8NZh
Excellent quote! https://t.co/BxAyeda1Vz
Good read. https://t.co/JJhfQM1BSM
Got to see it! https://t.co/VLhljQhA6t
Money will buy you a fine dog, but only love can make it wag it's tail. Richard Friedman
Can't wait for the season to start. https://t.co/XTDVhL3Vm2
The four most beautiful words in our common language: I told you so. Gore vidal
A comfort zone is a beautiful place, but nothing ever grows there.
So sad! https://t.co/5Uq3eIdEFH
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"
Well said! https://t.co/9PLzA3TS10
My opinion is that you never find happiness until you stop looking for it. Chang Tzu
Interesting https://t.co/A4pVfLCfyL
Only a person who risks is free. Joseph Savanyo
A man should never be ashamed to say that he has been wrong, which is but saying in other words that he is wiser today than he was yesturday
Do not be so sweet that people will eat you up, nor bitter that they will spit you out. Pashto Folk Saying
All cruelty springs from weakness. Seneca
Paying for school to get a job. Just to get a job to pay for school.
The only way to live is by accepting each minute as an unrepeatable miracle. Storm Jameson
There is nothing that is good or bad, but thinking makes it so. William Shakespeare
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousmess that ceated it. Albert Einstein
“On your last day on earth, the person you became will meet the person you could have become.” — Anonymous
In order to be a realist you must believe in miracles. David Ben-Gurion
My opinon is that you never find happiness until you stop looking for it. Chang Tzu
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. Charles Darwin
If your going through hell, keep going. Winston Churchhill
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. Albert Einstein
To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. Not to dare is to lose oneself.  Soren Kierkegaard
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. Eleanor Roosevelt
When you re-read a classic you do not see more in the book than you did before; you see more in you than there was before. Clifton Fadiman
We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are. Max De Pree
