"Sorry I harassed and assaulted someone. However, here's why I should still be allowed to write shit articles for Vice."
Elbow, in Manchester, at The Ritz. It was absolutely brimming with "oi you spilled my drink" lads. https://t.co/HMKK4E32kQ
Even with nuclear apocalypse imminent, "don't make fun of Cigarette Typewriter Guy's terrible poems" seems like a strange hill to die on.
Young Lorde 

(Look there's some really beautiful lines on Melodrama okay) https://t.co/7NB3YIcAxe
@CopyGirlHelen Haha, I understand, I don't think anyone I know who's watched it shares my opinion!
Was lucky enough to catch @FernBrady's Edinburgh work in progress last night. Definitely a must-see for anyone at the Fringe this year.
Tell you what lads, I picked quite the weekend to visit Hamburg.
I see Piers Morgan has deliberately pissed himself for attention again.
While you're enjoying your Bank Holiday spare a thought for poor Eva, who is undoubtedly tea-less at this very moment.
Lady Macbeth is a fantastic film. Very difficult to watch at times, but with great moments of humour sprinkled in.
Someone is clipping their fingernails on the bus 😐
Rare Saturday night in front of the TV. Ant and Dec. Changing the lyrics of Take That's new song's chorus to "pay your taxes Gary Barlow"
"A dynamic city like Manchester needs to fully embrace development, but" is basically the city's motto at this point.
What's the German word for dreading haircuts because you know as soon as you sit in the chair your ability to make small talk disappears?
The BBC, ever starved of primo Nigel Farage content, is now just reporting on the state of his marriage https://t.co/7ht8o3RxD9
Razorlight's "America" has just come on in the bar. They must be salivating at the royalties the next four years will bring.
Reading Inventing the Future and found a particularly relevant passage. Solidarity with everyone striking this week… https://t.co/Ng4kNtp9Fb
@virginmedia Yes please!
@virginmedia Morning. Recently had to reset my Super Hub router, and now I can't access my work VPN. Any tips/how to guides that can help?
@virginmedia Nope - no known issues for my postcode
Over five years later, I still have no idea if I like The Weeknd or not.
How nice to see our royals larking about in Bahrain, which I'm assuming has a truly exemplary record on human rights.
Why do these disgruntled local residents look like they're about to drop the most fire album of 2016? https://t.co/OWpdIIquml
@beershoplondon Can you put me down for two tickets, or do I need to fire over an email?
Why on earth would any ticket site expect you to print out tickets in this day and age?
My #XFactor power rankings: 1. Relley C  2. Gifty  3. Saara  4. Honey G  5. Bratavia  6-11. Doesn't matter
Pretty chuffed to have emerged from the Battle Royale-esque online booking system with a couple of Fleabag tickets.
Episode 4 of Fleabag has one of the best sight gags I've ever seen.
Blackstar is a great album, but Skepta winning was absolutely the right result - Konnichiwa is IMMENSE
Not sure there's any excuse for being as excited about the new Blair Witch movie as I am.
The best way to win any argument is to cite statistics without any context, obviously. Actual debate is for suckers.
Problem with living in an extremely large house share #12: someone is pretty much always cooking, which means I'm pretty much always hungry.
@BrewDogShored What are the odds of you still having this in around 8pm?
Yerma was a bit special last night. Unflinching, devastating, brilliantly acted. Reckon it'll stay with me for quite some time.
@EFBarker Yeah, I barely remember the originals! New one was fun, jokes every 30 seconds, most of which landed. What's not to like?
Any bar that plays Mclusky will always have a place in my heart.
@JoBarrow Can't believe this happened a minute from my doorstep and this is the first I've heard of it 😟
Owen Smith's comments on Corbyn "encouraging" abuse were really ugly political spin. He's not an alternative, just more of the same.
Absolute state of this country. Just throw us all in the bin.
