@TeamKnowhowUK Can you respond to my direct message please? Really need help regarding delivery of the items I've paid for.
Don't think I've ever seen a published "apology" that wasn't actually just some arsehole desperately begging to keep his career.
Really enjoying all the bat-related content this week.
Shoutout to everyone who's having a great evening but can't quite believe it's not even 9pm.
The way Deadwood ended https://t.co/k4fDOStRHg
Mad Men is a terrible TV show https://t.co/WjyW0iDX0J
Finally, some good news etc https://t.co/9XPuUJeq5k
Bront was right all along tbh
Workers' rights, a fit-for-purpose rail system, affordable energy and education - yeah, sounds terrible mates, trul… https://t.co/q6VcSODDR9
"Actually, Bank Holidays are bad" feels like Eva's going for a world record in the worst ever take category.
Don't mind me, I'll just be laughing my ass off at "Are they even dogs or fucking wolves?" #fyrefestival
Cool, the Krispy Cream thing totally fooled me and it ain't even April 1 yet. I'll be logging off for the weekend now.
Budapest is a bit special. Could've happily spent days in Gellert baths.
Bar I'm in isn't even bothering with a playlist, just Seat at the Table followed by Yes Lawd!, couldn't be any happier
One episode left of The Young Pope and it's really hitting its stride. Endings of 8 and 9 both immense.
Hard pass on Ed Miliband, AKA Mr. Controls on Immigration Mugs, as 2017 voice of reason. Search harder for your retweets folks.
Nothing sums up the crisis among the left like "don't punch Nazis"
Recency bias is a dangerous thing, but Gone Girl might be the least plausible narrative of all time.
I'm an absolute sucker for lame camaraderie among the teams in mediocre US police procedurals.
@virginmedia Just tried now. No change - still doesn't work, top and bottom lights are still green, middle light is still out
@virginmedia Hello. The internet has stopped working in my rented house, and I really need it up and running asap. Please help!
2016 has been a rough year, but Zac Goldsmith's continued failures are something to smile about.
@beershoplondon Yep, looking forward to it!
@beershoplondon Great stuff, thank you!
With the whole jam, tea and biscuits thing we now live in a post-expert, post-parody world. Good job Brexit. Jolly well done.
Wait, why were people booing England FC? Do people STILL think they're good?
"2Pac would be happy" is my favourite #xfactor moment since the Gummo mention.
Not often I watch music videos (with it being 2016 and all) but "Black Beatles" is ace.
Gutted I'll be away for the premiere of The Handmaiden at the BFI London Film Festival 🙁
So tired of masked EDM artists and their bullshit.
Whoever is responsible for the John Lewis-d version of "Dancing On My Own" should be tried at The Hague.
Can't believe succotash is a food dish. I thought it was just an American colloquialism adopted by a Looney Tunes cat.
Went to George Shaw's My Back to Nature exhibition at the National Gallery yesterday. It was dead good. Go see it if you get chance.
Time May Tell @ Herne Hill https://t.co/FBNbqZNQ7S
Always good when seeing a band live gives you a renewed appreciation of their album(s). Looking in your direction, Japanese Breakfast.
I forgot to upload my opinion of the new Ghostbusters to Twitter dot com. Loved it, thought it was hilarious, absolutely fantastic casting.
@JoBarrow Will do!
Not that I was ever going to vote for Smith. Any Labour MP who abstained on the July 2015 welfare bill vote can fuck right off.
In this bleak 2016 landscape we should be extra thankful season 3 of BoJack Horseman is less than a week away.
