Just back from Star Wars. Alright in parts but disappointing as a whole. Parts from TFA were retconned and/or disca… https://t.co/VlpYuxhdMg
Based Euron single-handedly saving GoT. I've finally got a character to root for again after they butchered Stannis.
Never listened to Limp Bizkit besides the hits. I did get slapped once for saying their Behind Blue Eyes is shit though.
And the kid from This Is England can't act in anything.
Must be because he's in a scene with Euron, another Danish actor.
Only watching for lovely Meera tbh.
Ah. It was Arya all along. Great. The poisoned wine was still red though when it should have been white. Should have tipped them off.
Very first scene. Frey declares that they're only drinking the finest Arbor Gold wine from now on (a white). But the wine in the jug is red.
Oh yeah, everyone died and the only decent, semi well-written characters left are Jaime and Cersei. I remember.
I don't care that the new Doctor is a woman, I care that the writing's shit, Moffat is a hack and Doctor Who hasn't been good since Tennant.
Dominance hierarchies are older than trees, man.

https://t.co/fP1Yd5DmDT
@_clump What if I put it on repeat and walk away for like a month.
Even Trump tweets Trump memes.
Here's a free tip for going to France. Get to a new town and find the Place de la République.
@elisehenderson_ Try being an English teacher. I think about this shit all the time. I'm essentially paid to do so.
Anyone that says men have no emotions and are all toxic masculinity etc need to listen to How Soon Is Now every night before bed for a week.
Hoping this book will improve my French. But I'm not holding me breath. https://t.co/cnQPGvYvLL
Sounds like he snapped his dick off. Nothing to do with dying.
For example, "to kick the bucket" is translated by "casser sa pipe" (to break your pipe).
France is cool but some unspoken cultural rules are shite. Like I'm forcing him to serve me by going up to him before he's finished his cig.
YASSSSS
oh my FUCKING GOD GRIFFITHS I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Bit of a boring game so far but I'll happily take 0-0 at halftime. #winnersmentality #SCOENG
Plus Wonder Woman actually looks alright. And Gal Gadot is the most beautiful woman alive so there's that too.
Rather have a Tory majority than a Tory/DUP coalition tbh. For as bad as the Tories are at least they're pro-LGBT, pro-choice etc.
Then I was at the beach and my brother flew a kite into the ocean, but his phone was strapped to it and broke. I don't know.
Had to congratulate her and give her the French bises on the cheek. Shook Corbyn's hand and said sorry mate. Wish you the best.
Ahahahahahahahahaahaha
@liamTK Well given the amount of Perth folk on here that are strongly SNP/Labour it sure isn't their fault. Haven't… https://t.co/WRyvGZO43B
We've lost Perth to the Tories. Holy shit.

Feel quite guilty for not being there to help you now.
Lib Dems should just give up tbh.
@travelingwolf_ Easy. They're rich.
I didn't take this job for admin shite. I took it to live in France purely because the pubs have outdoor tables in the sun. That's it.
Don't ask me to plan all my hours from September til next June. You're the admin department. I can't handle such responsibilities. You do it
I hate admin, I hate French admin even more. I hate speaking French over the phone and I especially hate discussing French admin with them.
@liamTK @indy_trucks Retire them man. They look like they've earned it. Give them a place of honour on a shelf wher… https://t.co/JO8A8Iz4OQ
Bad move to follow both @UKLabour and @Conservatives 2 days before the election. So much campaign shite I can't see my memes.
@ajonmu Definitely, especially considering how disgustingly much the US spends on its military in general. Nobody w… https://t.co/I4Z6kwnaqL
@ajonmu I get the deterrent argument. But we've already got over 200 of the things. How does wasting money on more… https://t.co/S9uylUdoM2
@ajonmu I don't agree with nuclear weapons at all to be fair that is how deterrents work. Wish she'd give the Thatc… https://t.co/qMT43QcUaW
Yass, Evil Dead is back on Netflix. That's me sorted for tonight.
But of course everyone hated it because they woke up one morning to find it in their iTunes library.
Getting right back into U2. I don't give a fuck what anyone says. Songs of Innocence is a smashing album.
My contract means I'm fully paid over the holidays too. Love it.
@pixiejoanna wow what an original joke. https://t.co/Yu3Pnzhmm6
It just seems more people are happy about Le Pen losing than Macron winning. Like that's the only reason he got any votes.
Then there's LA fois (a time) or LE foie (a liver, like foie gras). Spelt a bit differently but they sound exactly the same.
What pisses me off in French is how the same word can change gender depending on its meaning...
Why be a Social Justice Warrior when you can be a Social Justice Archer or a Social Justice Mage.
@travelingwolf_ Ah. Stuck in Alsace I'm afraid. Next time...
Liberals are mocking Trump for his I ❤ Trucks badge while conservatives just love him more for it. What an exciting new meme.
Only 2/1 odds on Slovenia beating us on Sunday. Get involved if you like free money.
I don't know these students, not the subjects they've studied nor their level of ability. Sure I can write them an exam.
Turns out the last teacher of this class was shit so apparently I have to spend my Tuesday night writing an exam for them tomorrow...
Yes Inverness. No wins since October but they pull through to drag Rangers down for the rest of us. Nice one.
That flappy purple bird meme didn't even last a week.
A wasp flew into my class while I was talking so I fucking killed it. The students loved it; round of applause and all. This is MY class.
Do NOT go to a cafe on the Champs Élysées. 8 EUROS FOR A FUCKING ESPRESSO
@jackbirrell @ScottishFA Never a penalty. A foul on Swanson is ignored while a very, very soft handball warrants a pen. Biased ref as always
It's been nearly 2 weeks and Trump hasn't tweeted the top-secret alien proof documents yet. Disappointing tbh.
Oh and a guy fucking dabbed in my class today. Answered a question and literally dabbed in his chair. Had to stop the class to laugh at him.
5 year olds holding anti-Trump signs. Children don't know who Trump is. Think I knew who John Major was? Fuck no, I was playing with trains.
@liamTK We were talking about social networks and one of the girls went "Like Tinder?" with a wee smile. Can't be a coincidence.
Dude where's my humanity. https://t.co/SBvYEe03gN
Roasting me in group chat and everything.
It's not my fault I wasn't paying attention and they all look the same anyway.
