Lingering stares over washed out, spotifizzled musak.
Her charcoal bun glistened with an unspecified grace. She occasionally restored its frenetic glow with tiny, coy pit-pats.
Will write for cuddles and/or snuggles
Awful human being
Such a fucking idiot
How to delete entire internet self in 5 minutes or less?
Bad artiste
Just a stupid idiot.
Jam of a wifetime
I'm so fucking stupid
Loveless since nineteen-ninety forever.
Winrar'd her dot zip; welp, now there's cum file-lets all up in my desktop
Comma splice entree em dashed with some semicolonic malproptimism, delish!
Extensions fell off welp now I'm ugly again
Been on a Stereolab binge lately; damn what a 90s run of perfection they had. #onelegittweetperyear
Novel will be published by 17th Straight Rejection Letter Press w/ e-book free on Kindle lmao *cries artistically*
He lost me at "Nice eyelid thickness." Awkward thing to say on a first date, no?
Dating profile needs work. Just got matched with a 51-year-old taxidermist who enjoys "reading, drinking, and hatin… https://t.co/h1g9IWFpWc
Self-loved all over her gleaming green eyebeams
Celest new album drops 4/20 #leaks #unofficialpublicist
Just a common redditryhard
Mining for cryptcoin with my good buddies @celestaphone &amp; @techsupportpie - fun times!
World Cup waiting room. *turns 6 month snooze on*
Twatalogist with a minor in snapchoking.
When ya find a extra nug of da ganj in your old bike shorts #notbad #whostolemybowl?
Are we still gonna ignore the fact that Kate McKinnon is a spitting image of that lesbie I bagged in middle school?
AL East is wide open for my Yankees to win by 5 or 20 games this year. #bandwagon  #choochoo
Elfrid payton'd all over her moderately-sized (priced) bosom
Farming upgoats for spare meowmix
Broken hearted yet still the shoes goes on (...)
:( merry christ miss
Blanking unachievable
long day for a long way
Celestaphone - To Cite Fright has to me my album of the year. Psychedelic hip-hop at its grimiest and most expertly-produced.
ITS 3AM AND IM STILL CALLINNNN
A big heart in a small jar
Texas Born and Bread
who gave me this mic! take it back!
broken flowerbeds
small heart with a big nug
hate people. hate everyone. hate mi famiry. hate the bros. hate the whos.
LET'S FUCKING GO EAGLES. we can do this. *turns on DVR*
Some of my best followists are women. They're not inherently worse/uglier tweet personas. They are just good bros honestly.
But they made it out alive.
Found out my best friend is actually dead. That sucks man. Can i have some likes?
NFL. En Ef Lul.
Making my leap into GG today, wish me luck hoes :)
Indie rocking all over these uncool hip-pop equestrians
Big heart, big dreams!
my litterbox was the talk of the attic
So much to live for, so many paragraphs to indent. So many em dashes to misuse
Me and my good food Pie against the world.
Hate everyone!!!!!
Making an early dinner with the girlfriend.
Just gonna eat this American cheese sandwich and cry
Roiding with the Local Crew
September can't cum soon enough!
Just a bud with a nug
Fuck everything. Everything I touch turns to shit. I just wanna downsmash some Sheiks with my little brother Little Rick.
@nnethK @Spotify yeah this shit annoys me ultimately only the playlist creator gets full permissions even if you open it to anyone
where the kitty cuties @. where the catwomen that are single and nonsnipped
upsmokes to the chef
Pie is a good food.
Let's brand 2geths
who wants to rite my resumay? will pay u in catnip
I just produce content like its nitrogen or something. Amazing stuff guys
ok twitter break. see you guys in a few hours/years
how do we get these genius ideas off this page and onto the cloud. doing a Ted Talk on this tonight, stay tuned!
one of the only good writers on my block. neighbor co-edited the OED tho bet he thinks he's "smart" now lol
Theory-crafting freelance app development with my good brown comrade Raoul.
i'd like to thank my legion of followers and retweeters, my mom and dads, my famous musician friend, and pie for once calling me a cutie
where my graphic assistant @
@KendallJenner QUEEN
celestaphoned in
@denimowl Hope you guys are still around!! Need some new chunes
breakbeats for days and daze
@nnethK B-but pie is 1 of the few people who understands the value in sub-subgenre categorization and getting rid o… https://t.co/pig6oRAYlM
this barista is incredibly friendly, and curly-haired, and the manager, and it's been 5 minutes of her xplaining that 2 dollars isnt enough
278 followers and only 200+ are bots. not a bad ratio familypai
Died internally
https://t.co/3IO6CLrTnx join da kool klub
Will blog for snuggles
@Jenownzz greetings from australia
*gets ur daughter preggers* Whoops sorry just meant to say hi :/
@AlexChancexxx QUEEN
1000 tweets in reach. only took 8 years little fam
true
pron starlet in training
Platinum f2p gamer yooooo. follow me on twitch!
she had big brown eyes and her voice was as delicate as chopsticks
🤓 greetings lads 😘
just a redditor with an editor
puhlease phollow me phellow phillies phans! #phillies #dominantbrown #2008 #cheesesteak
@realchrismarks hi :)D
Barista?
he was a redditor
~_o miss you
chillmore girls
