Celestaphone's new rap tape 'White Supremacism: A Rap-Opera in 3 Shades' out tomorrow on Cumhex Recordings. Y'all woke enough 4 it ?
Just need a wife house fulltime job &amp; editor; dat too much to ask?
@theneedledrop Love you melonman
What's da pointe
It's gonna be OK.
. . . hello! Hi! Hi hello hi hi hi! Hello hi
Starting a collaborative writing project; hope to see you all on the way!
Fuck fuck
Stupid stupid stupid
Come awn let's gooooo
Just a failya
Good morning fellow Amerifriends
Send me your novel ideas; I'll roast your uncreative ass (for a few shekels ofc hahrgharharofl)
Data harvested her entire digital existence. Running some algorithms right now, she should be mine in 239 kilobytes!
100% exposure to Cedi this fine eve. #dfs #smallballer #letsgetit
Shoutouts to my guy @aqui Grimes's number one fan!* (*in el bueno de Aires)
Culturally vulturing this hot Pakistani girl at a basement party. Wonder if she's noticed my nasally voice evolve i… https://t.co/bYeu4mAnur
DFS mastah, will trash ya in cash bruh 1v1 me pick a slate any matchup 💰💰💰
Who up past their bedtime? Fuck trump ur not the boss of me
@KimKardashian Queen
A nice warm bed to sleep uponandonandon
Just a loser and a boozer
@FantasyLabsNBA In a 20 team keeper league, gonna kms.
Just hired my first minority. Welp, time to unsubscribe from all those diversity newsletters; now get to work b***h!
I'm not a rapper stop booking me with fucking danny brown and mac millner. I'm a spoken word deacon
Just a wannabe brass with a awkward smile and/but I'm not a social media conglomerate whore #shotsfired
Her satin eyelashes were matted into a gorgeous carmel finish; she was my favourite plastic doll of the lot.
Her auburn-gold locks fell over her head aimlessly, listlessly; she bat them away with aggressive derision.
Lost a bet now I'm gay lol welp send some dicks my way I guess lol
Just a playlister pretending to be an A-lister :/
Real solutions to real prollums
Josh Gordon 🙃🙃
go hbox!
Where my doubletweets @
listening to some cheesy minimal techno, blogging about life's little pleasures
Follow your heart, my flowers.
Registered for my first Shrek Superslam tournament.
oh what a wonder..
I am oiffically a tweetwhore
bad writing under bad lighting
Phillies 3 Athletics 6
whoops got spoiled my exclusively-Eagles centric feed lol
Just reddited all over my grandma :/
Celestafree
My Cowboys may have lost the batle
Follow Friday @mollysoda @Brassrhino @pscaruffi @FACTmag @celestaphone
Tweeted so hard that my best friend died.
Lamb is a flag lmao
Glammed and slammed
Saw a cute girl on facebook today, almost got the courage to like one of her reblogged memes .
we used to throw ragers and shit. lol
Probably the best living bud.
Working on my Patreoning
On the way to a folk festival.
Anyone wanna make some spoken word magic with me? DMs welcome!
Just wanna bite on a tiny rick.
JUST hug me already kittygirl12834359
Donate to my patron
Little smallbud
Miss mi diagonal grilled cheeseums
party in mi litter-shoebox
launching a new music-personal-microeconomics blog - PM me if u are interested in being a 'freelance contributor'
i was just a wittle mis-take
text-fucked this hot cyberbiddy. a few stray em dashes sprayed all over her massive jpegs.
The Only Living Bro in Nu Betaland..
Pickle RIIIIIIIIIIII--gotta dart, will finish this original thought in a hot sec.
@CupcakKe_rapper QUEEN
we still tumble-logging these days or is it all about your snap game ?
just beat dota 2! only took me five thousand hours and the remainder of my youthful glow
@nnethK its called a stepdad lol my dad wasnt a closet gay or anything.. 😳😳
here's to 1000 more (*raises paw*)
any other phillies phans wanna fry some fish w/ me
her body was shaped like a twizzler and i wondered how she avoided eating herself
i've decided to announce i'm changing Smash mains: from now on, my heart lies in a little pink blob
24th bday
im a cat LOL just peed on the sofa and only got thrown across the room twice LOL
@nnethK you need to just give me some recs cuz i know thats all you been listening to! all i heard this year was th… https://t.co/imtGDQQ3rs
organizing my itunes library with a few of my best friends (7 friends). might periscope if i get 100ish retweets...
any of you followerettes wanna get a slutella latte with me? im thirsty for some... trendy beverages ;) ;)
found out i'm gray :o
reddited hard today lol. drowned this small comp programmist with a shit-ton of spare upgoats. needless to say he repayed me ( sexually )
*tips sombrero*
Just wanna watch boreball with the crew.
any of you young lads on the instagrammy?
there's only one God and his name is PPMD!
it's a new day for the beatmaker, sheetslayer, freebaser, mii-mainer, impeccably-dressed coffee connoisseur
@celestaphone mad cuz bad
downloaded the new celestphone. no r&amp;beats. just shitty electronic drum synthesizers :/ :/ shit blows
Kitty litter lol
I slammed the breaks and my teammate ricocheted the ball of the top of my car. Goal for Blue Team.
hard day in the salt-mines
i wonder if she ever reads my tweets :(
it's a fiery furnaces are my favourite band episode
phillies win!
rocket league trainee
Base ball in the air
My Picks for The 2016 @pitchfork Readers’ Poll: https://t.co/ByASMXLN8B
hey guys (hey guys)
smoke good eat good
