@k_hughesie @SICKOFWOLVES HONestly
Okay but the fact that our Musical History teacher is pals with Charles Strouse?????
@shooooon_ Ohhh, I miss herrr
A lady in the coffee shop I'm sitting in just came up to me and said "excuse me, I just wanted to say that your hai… https://t.co/2ijIM96f4A
Honestly, the boys in my class puts @pastelcaI and I's codependency to shame: I feel like I hear "are we gonna go h… https://t.co/7i1omfDfbQ
Swedish female artists supporting each other against sexist men in the music industry is giving me so much life rn
@katiestephhart It's a bit up Queen Margaret Drive, but defs North Star
Just saw a man wearing an honest to god monocle so that's something
THIS IS NOT A DRILL!! A NUMBER IN OUR SHOW HAS TEDDYBEAR ROLLS, I REPEAT, IT HAS MULTIPLE PEOPLE DOING TEDDYBEAR ROLLS TO LET'S GET LOUD
Forcefully reminding myself that I do want to go to this school, despite my 14-hour schedule today. And my 13 hours a day the past three.
Today I was given the tenor harmony in an a capella arrangement because I'm 'really low' and I feel like I don't know who I am anymore
@k_hughesie You are strong and capable and I believe in you
PSA for my Glasgow pals: you all better be in G-town Oct 30 - Nov 2, because I am coming for you and I'm demanding hugs
Almost every time I tell someone I've lived in Scotland for 4 years I get asked what I did i  Stockholm
We have a lecture on Bob Fosse and all i can think is "will a Fosse neck do it??"
@juliaplanklady Honestly would give anything to see this
My favourite class right now is a musical history class and it's my only lecture and tbh I miss uni
Hello yes today is a solid 10 on the how-much-do-I-miss-Glasgow-scale
so my classmates want to do Taco-Thursday tomorrow and are getting 'mexican' outfits and sombreros and the frustration is very real rn
Tfw your bus is 6 mins late from its starting station, bc the driver's too busy playing on his phone to realise he should be doing his job
Riveting conversations at the Fish shop; colleague just informed me that he too enjoys eating a bit of bread with his food.
A bad thing about struggling to recognize people is I think I just ran into the singer of one of my favourite bands but I'm just not sure.
@k_hughesie There was a 1.5 year-old girl in the restaurant today and her favourite food is pickled herring and I got Emotional
If you didn't realise how Extra the Swedish language is: we have ~65 ways to spell one (1) phoneme, which doesn't exist in any other lang.
I miss speaking English. So much.
Hello yes today I'm moving from Glasgow and I am upset
@k_hughesie @happierman I'm sorry I regularly cause you pain in this specific way
The amount of times I've watched the recording of me singing Gethsemane in order to validate myself is obscene.
@PeterRobson29 That sounds incredible send me some
So apparently The Supremes' Can't Hurry Love gives me flashbacks to multiple nursery school-related memories, from when I was, like, three?
@ceegebee @WhoresofYore Name a more iconic quartet
@juliaboardlady kate hughes cosplay
I did it
Ah yes that future-panic when you're desperately googling for jobs at 4am, fully aware that your degree will lead you nowhere. good.
Pet peeve: published works which exclude the use of native letters when citing authors of a non-english background or descent.
Tip: if you're going to Iceland, be sure to wear waterproof shoes. You'll be v uncomfortable otherwise.
This essay is so utterly shit, poor Susan doesn't deserve this
This spotify play list sums it up pretty damn well! https://t.co/3fBL4WJfEY
@shooooon_ @Steven_McFeat but she's good for your soullll
@CantSeeRight that's true. So let's hope it also wins the makeup award.
@CantSeeRight buut, the makeup for a swedish film is also nominated so that's pretty rad (the film's nominated for best foreign film)
@pastelcaI no, but now I'm questioning why i don't
@juliaboardlady don't
The busyness of the gym the first day of term is exactly why I wanted to go for a run in the first place
Just saw Kinky Boots at the Malmö Opera. Yes. Good. Brilliant.
I have a bruise the size of a small planet on my bum from falling down my friend's front steps last night. I didn't even drink.
@k_hughesie i feel like i should say it's a rice-based porridge and not an oat-based one and also its great
Excuse me how is it chistmas tomorrow I am not ready
Trying my damndest to look at the cabaret recording as an opportunity to give myself positive feedback, rather than breaking my self down.
This girl watching her pals snapchat stories on full volume. This is a break room. Give me a break from the noise. Please.
@CameronNDuck i doN'T UNDERSTAND?????
Real talk how can you not love newsies?
If the weather keeps this heat up the russian circus will never come out
Steven, having watched me sew for HOURS: "I just realised it's the pedal that does it."
The girl next to me in the library has been away for 3 hours. Her laptop has a massive sticker that says 'don't be a dick'. Irony.
@shooooon_ aww shucks
@pastelcaI told him about my potential dissertation title. I think he was overwhelmed
@shooooon_ are we literally the same fucking person????
Me yesterday: tomorrow will be productive 
Me today: overslept, missed my only class, spent 2 hours transposing music, not studied at all
Okay but what if I don't want to pay £63 for information that is fundamentally important to a portion of my dissertation.
If I could feel fine for more than ten minutes at a time,  that would be helpful.
I didn't actually realise how much I missed Sweden in autumn
Me: I'm not gonna spend too much time on my pubcrawl costume 
Also me: sewing a pleated skirt
@BleekerOfficial your set tonight was absolutely smashing, definitely one of the many highlights of the evening! Come back soon!!
Another cinnamon roll day gone by, and I have eaten a grand total of zero cinnamon rolls. I'm a disgrace to my people.
Just introduced @eofthenicoles to @RoyalRepublic and we've now booked tickets to the Glasgow show; I'm so stoked!
There's a massive spider behind my wardrobe (one of those fast, longlegged fuckers) so I guess I'm moving out.
One sebaceous gland poorer and five sutures richer.
Just watched a full football match for the first time. Well done with the silver, girls!  #Olympics
Forever peeved at "swedish " accents that sound german. Oh well.
@CameronNDuck thank u
2) he masturbated frequently and we know this bc he wrote "tonight I have sinned" in his journal  every time
A fool-proof way of telling that I've been out sailing is the fact that I've burnt my scalp.
@Steven_McFeat there was a kid with a buzzcut and a literal plank in the shop today and it made me think of you
@k_hughesie @Steven_McFeat Gunhild Orvar-Erlandsson. I'd get no votes.
@peaceypoo it's all good, people;  she picked it up up today
@pastelcaI that is fair
@pastelcaI yeeeees, I miss you too. I have no one here to make me leave my house in time
@k_hughesie i dreamt that you and @LittlestMooney were sassing me for my life choices,  does that count?
@Steven_McFeat time to go back to your roots, i.e. that Internet café you spent numerous hours in at the start of the year?
I need the Waitress cast recording, like, yesterday
@isobelwhy @lamalamalamaaa there is no such thing as too many dogs
@eofthenicoles "it's driving me cranky
Can't wait to be entirely incapable of translating any Old English in my exam tomorrow.
The bewildered cheering when UK gets 12 points???
@eofthenicoles was made infinitely better by the taxi driver listening to I'm every woman at full blast on the way home tbh
Lived my life to the fullest yesterday by following up Dinner Dance with a 3am hospital visit with a kidney infection. It balances out.
Okay but does ANYONE actually understand Glaswegian plumbers?
My amazon package is being delivered to my old address today bc I forgot to change it. Great.
Force feed me moivation until this godforsaken project is done.
Jag älskar den här gången är det med en kompis till w och w, but I am looking twee to get et en suite rooms and suites and weekends jag vet.
I forgot how absurd the Live on Broadway performance of Candide was
Though still incredible, Puccini's Turandot doesn't quite have the proper impact when listened to through my one working headphone...
Someone in the library lifts just described someone as a 'tranny' and I had no idea how to react
@k_hughesie Billy Elliot but Billy is a centipede; imagine the tap
If my anger would manifest itself in other ways than crying, I think people would take me more seriously.
@isobelwhy bc everyone else is poor,  evidently
Who knew relining a coat would be this much of a pain. I did. I knew.
