In Hull Spoons and 3 consecutive loos were filled with poo/sick  #CityofCulture #cultureofbodilyfluids
Not that all men are bad, or I'm a feminist. I just like slagging some of the snakey bastards off
Obsessed in watching videos about Japanese tiny houses
So uncomfortable when ur sat luvin ur meal out n relatives fucking slate it to the waiter 
JUST SAY LOVELY THANK YOU AND LET THEM MOVE ON
Sad that Max won't be on The Voice anymore. Used to have dreams about dancing with him. We defo have the same shit but glorious moves
Has anyone seen Megan???
@charlierhianne_ love u millions forever n always ❤
I hope when I'm older I don't moan as much as old people
Fuck
Turned Twitter back on to find the hot guy but he ain't here anymore. Twitter has died forever rip
@charlierhianne_ I was back, and now Im going again, plz hurry back so we can eat pizza and drink things that look and taste fancy xxxx
I am a student in need of help plz. It will take like 3 mins or less I promise
I think I'm gonna do a masters degree
might make my hair blonde maybe
had one of those moments I nearly started to cry cos I'm so happy, but I've no idea why
@charlierhianne_ its kinda nice flying alone.. Obvs unless you're next to a crying baby
@charlierhianne_ whhhhat wer r u goingggg
If anyone wants to help a uni sister out n answer like 7 questions I would b 5eva grateful 

https://t.co/CyKf9sg3d8
Vancouver Sleep Clinic // Flaws
(real magic being life, human interaction, cultures, nature, sounds, sights, art, love, smells, experiences etc.)
opinion on Disneyland - 
Hey, let's pay stupid amounts of £ to go to a compound where everyone dresses up n plays pretend magic ...
nearly done a whole event plan in one day legit no jokkkkke
starting work at 12 cos I'm gona be nocturnal for two week
Strangled To Death In A Public Toilet // Clark
n then to celebrate after India for a month
just wana have fun n have sex n joke around with someone but not have them hate me if things don't go to their specific life plan
y u wana bring up the past n be like that. 
Spent time burying ur shit n lies n then I finally made it into a green lawn with flowers ...
Indecisive, controlling, blackmailing, sadistic annoying boys
didn't even get a hangover
Rant over. 
Enjoy gigs. 
Don't ruin them for people who go there for the real reasons xoxo
next gig I go to if I see someone on their phone recording/taking photos for longer than half a song jm gona run over nick their phone...
All for what. Fucking likes on fb? Cos I tell you now 0 of the videos will have good sound quality or picture quality to be worthy of shit
.. The one thing that you should actually move, laugh, sing and dance to
if I ever have my own venue phone are being banned
hey let's pay nearly £30 to go to a gig but I'm gona watch the whole thing through my screen as I record it cos I'm a fucking retard
Does anyone know the time @the1975 are playing tonight at the 02 apollo @ manch
@charlierhianne_  I will be at urs round 4 if u r hommmmmmme
off t see 1975 tomoz n i am so buzzin
got even more wurkkkkkkk yeeeeee
the skin under your eyes is starting to look like Hugh Hefner's ball sack
fuck the whole world
don't fall in love with the moment and think you're in love with the girl
last day to get new flooring, thank heavens cos I'm sick of moving furniture
unstable
never ever catch a fucking break
followed by - You down? X
Guy: wuu2
Me: uni shit &amp; work *reply dull he will piss off n get the hint
Guy: *here's a dick pic 
Me: shit, this actually gets worse
swear all the guys that think they're hot these days start convos with how's things or what's up or they still ask wuu2 like in yr 7
see so many guys try change girls these days, if you actually liked them let them be whoever the fuck they want/are
THOSE INSTRUMENTALS
fainted twice hahahahaha
had a wonderful day
dissertation? Run (with the dog)? Eat lunch? Sort the house out? 
Too many choices
Peeta and Katniss sitting in a tree
my head hurts so fucking bad wtf not had a migraine in time
like how is what going? my life? my work? like what
remember when my name was reebie
what does that even mean?!%£&amp;#-£
Use ur imagination with some1 until u get laid n it will probs be 20x hotter
rather just watch porn than wait for a reply that aint even spelt right 
Nudes, dick picks or whatever 0/10
Can't think of anything more boring - if ur gonna get it on with someone where is the element of surprise these days https://t.co/IWaKrixclZ
off for food with zoe n then to meet new humans n to chat about work
international womb period pain child birth menopause day
rather see someone in person than talk about future work over the phone but that never happens in this industry cos everyone travels
took a bottle of D to make me sort out my LinkedIn profile. Kinda done it. Need to add a photo of my face now which I rly don't wana do
I swear people are so negative. 
You could say 3 positive things and 1 negative and people will always focus on the negative
need to put on a rom com to calm myself
don't drink a bottle of disaronno n then watch walking dead. So tense thought I was gona have heart attack
'when I first met you, I thought you were the last woman on earth. But you're not' - if that aint a break up I duno what is #TheWalkingDead
@charlierhianne_ hope u r okkkk ❤💚💙
@charlierhianne_ you miss out on so much work getting rid of fb.. Well I did (that's the only reason I still have fb)
@charlierhianne_ not very long. Maybe for like half hour 40 mins.. I thought you'd be sleepingggg
Those r my feels for t'day
IVE DONE FUCKING WORK ON IT U ABSOLUTE FUCKING PIECE OF SH**
my face just ain't fun
plus if I stay in I don't need to put makeup on n let's face it 8/10 I think I look ugly as shit anyway so that's just more hassle
I'll end up Monging n watching movies. Yet if I don't go in I'll have a good sleep n then do loads of work n not waste a day
lily allen's first album is still unbeatable
@charlierhianne_ 100% fav
@charlierhianne_ omgomgomg
fuck off seriously. Blah blah blah Donald Trump.. Fucking worse people in the world jeeeeeeeeeez
Fuck politics. Everyone is way too far up their own arseholes
Bevvvvys all round
same goes for the TV too
@MonsterRally u make wonderful sounds plz never stop
WHY IS IT SO COLD AT MY GRANS EVERYTIME
so glad I did the last year of uni been the best by far in so many ways
Don't rely on someone else for happiness its dumb &amp; fucking vile for the other person. Learn to b happy first https://t.co/A8CpVdPnbe
luv some of the ppl at eden u r wonderful
@charlierhianne_ fanku ❤❤❤❤ PS I will be at urs in approx 30/60 mins
got another first at uni. I am buzzin 

(pretty sure every assignment this year I have done has been a first wtf how have I managed that)
@harrlss I cried so much my eyes were stinging 
She's amazing
@_Cliffo94 hahaha good reply
why do people take life too serious
life should be fun
