I've got a list on my phone of all the cute nicknames Jim gives me n like if anyone saw it both our lives would be over
Just found loads of old one pound coins in my coat pocket ffs why
The Tesco free from soft cheese is unreal, tastes so much like cream cheese 😍😍
The second of Jim and I's Christmas dates involved drinking mulled wine and smoking J's over the river how CUTE
I've lost my voice completely lol fuck
Guy at uni today whacked out a freezer bag full of falafel balls n just sat there munching. Never related to someone so much wow
Woke up craving cherry bakewell
I am totally perplexed by this but also kind of love it https://t.co/dGMWUcHTiy
Last night Jim read me the lorax until I fell asleep, what did I do to deserve someone so cute :(((
Oh god I am terrified to receive my grade back for the assignments I've submitted, I just know I've done them all wrong 🙄 thnx third year
U are incredible
Ableism and mocking Harvey Price obviously isn't funny or okay, but how is Katie Price getting pressed about it but… https://t.co/6owLHdShtb
Trinity centre delivered THA GOODS tonight
So I'm writing an essay and I already know that my whole argument is totally misinterpreting the text but it's too… https://t.co/9vRHxRcD9u
Oh and PINK UV HAIR COLOUR? That's right. I'm releasing my inner 12 year old @ Claire's accessories
Don't even wanna think about how much money I spent today lollll
My fave thing is when u compliment a girl n she's like "thanks, I know!" Like YES girl u know I'm so proud
I'm trying so fuckin hard not to download the animal crossing app before I've finished my essays
Lost all motivation to do my second essay 😞
Hey guys. I am ordering my third deliveroo this week.
Jim and I are having a month of christmas-themed dates when December comes do u KNOW how excited I am
My friends prefer hanging out with my bf over hanging out with me 😭😭💔
I mean I COULD strive for my degree rn.. or I could lie in bed all evening eating snacks, smoking weed and watch th… https://t.co/3fWOqGabIL
Since I cut out animal products from my diet, idgaf about how healthy food is- only that it's vegan
Please can someone send me a double espresso and some breakfast xx
I have done the BARE MINIMUM for my first dissertation assignment due next Monday because it's sooo damn hard I wanna cry
Didn't eat all day and then got home and had TWO CONSECUTIVE TAKEAWAYS. Why.
