I believe in you and me. We are strong. –Cinderella
Sharing is caring. –Piglet
I guess you know I like you a lot. Your friendship is the best present I ever got. –Tigger
Everyone faces challenges in life. It’s a matter of how you learn to overcome them and use them to your advantage. –Donald Duck
To laugh yourself is to love yourself. –Mickey Mouse
You got to put your past behind you. –Timon (The Lion King)
Just because you can't see something, doesn't mean it doesn't exist. –Charlie (The Santa Clause)
I'm only brave when I have to be. Being brave doesn't mean you go looking for trouble. –Mufasa (The Lion King)
I'm kind of corny. Well, I am corny. As long as people respond to it, I'm okay. –Walt Disney
I can always start a new collection, but I could never replace you. –Ariel (Little Mermaid Series)
You thought you were a nothing, but you're really a something, which makes you an anything. –Kala (Tarzan II)
A day doing nothing is much more exciting for two than it would be for one. –Piglet
Somewhere, there must be someone who’ll love me and show me a world that I never knew. –Anastasia (Cinderella 3)
There's no moment I regret since the moment that we met. If our time has gone too fast, I've lived at last. –John Smith 

(Pocahontas)
Think of all the joy you'll find when you leave the world behind and bid your cares goodbye. –Michael (Peter Pan)
Brave is believing the dream that you wish will come true. –Cinderella (Princess Stories)
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. –Walt Disney
You only get a few good friends in this life who are devoted and true. –Piglet
You're my ohana, and I'll always love you. –Lilo (Lilo &amp; Stitch 2)
We’re together now. Everything's going to be fine. You'll see. –Belle (Beauty and the Beast)
You’re never alone, you know. Just think of your friends, the ones who care. –The Tigger Movie
We can't just run away from who we are. –Elinor (Brave)
I may be small, but I've got friends that make me ten feet tall. –Mickey Mouse
You know, you don't talk very much. I like you. –Ellie (Up)
Do you know how much you mean to me? Should've told you 'cause it's true. –Toy Story
It’s the time of your life, so live it well. –A Bug’s Life
Whenever I try to say too much, I make such a terrible mess. –Pooh
There are those who will wish you good morning, if it is a good morning, which I doubt. –Eeyore
Just pretend you are a big tree. They come from a small seed, but with sun and hope, they really grow. –Flix (A Bug’s Life)
Being little’s not such a bad thing. –Flik (A Bug’s Life)
If you had the chance to change your fate, would you? –Merida (Brave)
The seaweed is always greener in somebody else's lake. –Sebastian (The Little Mermaid)
Everything will be alright, because in a Prince’s arm, I’ve found a love I can’t deny. –Cinderella (Cinderella 3)
I’m tired of taking. I want to make things. I want to add something to this world. –Remy (Ratatouille)
Don't worry about me. I just consider myself royally flushed. –Michael (Princess Diaries)
I couldn't sleep. The more I tried to sleep, the more I couldn't. –Pooh
One thing you should know, no matter where I go, we'll always be together forever and ever. –Christopher Robin
Don't think so much. Let your heart decide. –Mulan
I remember all the wonderful times we've had together. They're not things. They're memories. –Ariel (Little Mermaid Series)
The thing about friends is that they are always on the lookout for you. –Cinderella (Princess Stories)
The most fantastic, magical things can happen, and it all starts with a wish. –Jiminy Cricket (Pinocchio)
When we do fantasy, we must not lose sight of reality. –Walt Disney
Love? Just a boy, meeting a girl under the right conditions. –The King (Cinderella)
Trying is the important thing. It’s okay to fail as long as you keep trying. –Mr. Rzykruski (Frankenweenie)
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day. –Pooh
Never ignore a person who loves and cares for you. –Donald Duck
Wendy: “You won't forget me, will you?” | Peter Pan: “Me? Forget? Never.”
Don’t stress over anything that you can’t change. –Mickey Mouse
Give a bit. Give a lot. Doesn’t matter what you’ve got. Happiness was made to share. –Cinderella (Enchanted Tales)
If you ever get nervous, just keep telling yourself, "I must win" and have fun. –Ralph (Wreck-It Ralph)
Nothing is ever born afraid. –Walt Disney
The truth hurts, doesn't it? –Vidia (Disney Fairies)
Always standing right beside you, one true friend is there to guide you, to believe in who you are. –Disney Fairies
No one should marry someone they don't love. –Shang (Mulan II)
I can't stay here and have my life lived for me. I'll miss you. –Jasmine (Aladdin)
I’m not strong like an elephant. Not tall like a giraffe. I can't fly like a bird. Maybe I’m nothing. –Tarzan (Tarzan II)
The special secret it seems to me is summarized in four C's. They are Curiosity, Courage, Confidence, and Constancy. –Walt Disney
Philip: “When will I see you again?” | Aurora: “Oh, never. Never! Well, maybe someday.” –Sleeping Beauty
You cannot live your life to please others. The choice must be yours. –White Queen (Alice in Wonderland)
No one can quit being who they really are. –Joe (Princess Diaries)
That place between sleep and awake, the place where you can still remember dreaming, that's where I'll always love you. –Peter Pan
Friends are the best company when your dreams have come true. –Princess Tiana (Princess Stories)
Trust your heart. Let fate decide to guide these lives we see. –Tarzan
If you look inside yourself, I’m sure you’ll find something that you’re really good at. –Kermit (The Muppets)
Even when you grow old, home should be where the heart is. –Belle (Beauty and the Beast Broadway)
I like a nice warm summer breeze and the sound of the leaves in the trees. –Piglet
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something is more important than fear. –Eduard (Princess Diaries)
The most important thing is, even if we're apart, I'll always be with you. –Christopher Robin
It doesn’t matter how much you have. It all means nothing if you are not happy with yourself. –Donald Duck
When you do the things that you can do, you will find a way. –Pooh
Good friends are more important than anything else. –Snow White
All good things come to an end. –Eeyore
Even during a time when I looked very scary, he always treated me like I was beautiful. –Jasmine (Aladdin Series)
It's just I'm not sure I fit in here. There's no one I can really talk to. –Belle (Beauty and the Beast)
I don't want to be the bad guy anymore. –Ralph (Wreck-It Ralph)
How do you know you don't like it if you've never tried it? –Great Prince (Bambi 2)
Sometimes the curiosity can kill the soul but leave the pain. –Alice in Wonderland
It’s his loss. He can’t hurt you no more. –Lotso (Toy Story 3)
Did you ever stop to think, and forget to start again? –Pooh
When life gets you down, you know what you gotta do? Just keep swimming, just keep swimming. –Dory (Finding Nemo)
“Be Patient" is very good advice, but the waiting makes me curious. –Alice (Alice in Wonderland)
I am bad, and that’s good. I will never be good and that’s not bad. There’s no one I’d rather be than me. –Ralph (Wreck-It Ralph)
Michael: "Why me?" | Mia: "Because you saw me when I was invisible." –The Princess Diaries
You can accomplish anything. You just have to be strong and never give up. –Jasmine (Aladdin Series)
No one to tell us no, or where to go, or say we're only dreaming. –Aladdin
You can always take more than nothing. –Mad Hatter (Alice in Wonderland)
The way you laugh is just the best. –Pooh
It never hurts to keep looking for sunshine. –Eeyore
You're never too old to be young. –Snow White
Live every moment as not to regret what you are about to do. –Mickey Mouse
Home is the comfiest place to be. –Pooh
You get to go find a new dream. –Flynn Rider (Tangled)
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable. –Walt Disney
I love you so. If only you could know. –Ariel (Little Mermaid Broadway)
Growing up doesn’t happen all at once. It takes its own time. –Kanga (Pooh’s Heffalump Movie)
Alice: “Everything is so confusing.” | Caterpillar: “It is not.” | Alice: “Well, it is to me.” –Alice in Wonderland
