“People who understands sarcasm well are often good at reading people's mind. They understand that the other has something else in mind.”
“I'm shy at first, but once I'm comfortable with you get ready for some crazy shit.”
“my life is literally one huge awkward moment”
“Getting into a relationship may seem tempting but so was getting on the Titanic ship and look what happened there”
“Just because I'm being quiet, that doesn't mean I'm mad. Sometimes I'm just not in the mood to talk.”
“Don't hold my hand if you aren't willing to take everything that comes with it.”
“Be the reason she smiles.
Not the reason she can't love anymore...”
“The awkward moment when you fail at being mad at someone because they make you laugh.”
“ True friends don't judge each other, they judge other people...... together.”
Awkward moment when someone telling you something important and your thinking about something else  and laugh out loud when there crying
"Dear fridge, I'll be back in half an hour. Please go shopping. Sincerely, I'm hungry.”
“Don’t confuse my personality with my attitude.

My personality is who I am.

My attitude depends on who you are.”
“ That awkward moment when you're trying not to look when someone is staring at you.”
“Every mother on earth gave birth to a child. Except my mother,, she gave birth to a legend! High five mom :D”
“There's some people in this world who just need to get their ass kicked.”
Admit it you can't stand to look at me cos your plain back fired and no one likes you , karma is a bitch and has kicked your arse
“ The person you took for granted today, may turn out to be the person you need tomorrow.”
@FoldingStars___ thank you sweet checks xxxx
Rabbits jump and they live for 8 years. Dogs run and they live for 15 years. Turtles do nothing and they live for 150 years. Lesson learned.
“I don’t hate you. I just hope your next period happens in a shark tank.”
“Don't apologize to me when you have every intention of repeating the same damn action”
“What’s the difference between being hungry and horny? Where you put the cucumber.”
“
 I'm not anti-social, I just don't fuck with everybody.”
" I don't  hate you, I never will. I just act like I do, because its easier than admitting that I miss you."
" Don't be mad when someone else starts to appreciate the person you took for granted. What you won't do, someone else will."
" Sometimes you keep your feelings to yourself because it's hard for someone else to understand them."
": people who take advantage over you because you're too nice."
" My life. My choices. My problems. My mistakes. My lessons. Not your business."
" Regretting how much you drank the night before, then doing it all over again anyway."
" FUCK a text, FUCK a tweet, FUCK a call, I Just want to wake up with you next to me."
" The only reason why I still use Facebook is so I can watch the people I hate become failures at life."
" S.I.N.G.L.E. [S]tress [I]s [N]ow [G]one [L]ife's [E]asier"
" Telling someone "I had a dream about you" is code for: I had a dream we fucked and now I want to."
" "I need to talk to you" is the one sentence that has the power to make you remember every bad thing you've ever done in your life."
"@TheOfficialTed: My bed is my best friend, fuck you all"
" Gay marriage is legal in 6 states. Having sex with a horse is legal in 23. Good going, America."
"@FUN: If the population of 'China' walked past you in single file, the line would never end, because of the rate of reproduction."
" The truth? I tried as hard as I could. I took as much as I could take. I put up with all I could. And it still wasn't enough."
" Think of a number. Double it. Add ten. Half it. Take away the number you started with. Now your answer is five."
" Life is weird. You go from being strangers. To being friends. To being more than friends. To being practically strangers again."
" I may be ignoring you, but inside I'm dying to talk to you..."
"@Laughbook: If you want me to stop being a smartass, just stop being such a dumbass."
" #Pisces are way too loyal to CHEAT but won't hesitate to throw up the dueces when their gut telling them otherwise"
" People don't care about their word or what they've promised, they just do whatever the hell they want and justify it later."
" We all have this perfect picture in our minds of how things are supposed to be and that's why we all end up being disappointed."
" Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want."
" Oh sorry. I didn't know friendship had an expiration date."
Should finish work on time then off for drink and I ant stopping til I forget why I'm doing it
" When a woman says, ''What?'', it's not because she didn't hear you. She's giving you a chance to change what you said."
Bloody weather mucking my phone up !!!
@FoldingStars___ lol x
"@AwkwardMoment: That awkward moment when someone suggests that you and your crush should date and you both just sit in silence."
" Don't go back to your EX. It's like reading the same book over &amp; over again, when u know how the story ends."
"@sickipediabot: I put on a housewarming party for the cunts next door. Well I called it housewarming.. the police called it arson."
I’m emotional, stubborn. My mood switches all the time, &amp; I can shut you off if you annoy me. Sometimes I wonder how people put up with me.
" That awkward moment when your chair makes a farting noise and you can’t make the noise again to prove you didn’t fart!"
" Just because you cant see the air doesn't mean you stop breathing. And just because you cant see God doesn't mean you stop believing."
"@LovePhrase: You showed me why people can't be trusted."
" This is how my week goes: Mooooooooooooonday, Tuuuuuuuuuuuuesday Weeeeeeeeeeednesday, Thuuuuuuuuuuursday, FridaySaturdaySunday."
" I'm sorry, what language are you speaking? It sounds like bullshit."
" If I was a transformer fuck a car, train, or even an airplane. I would turn into Megan Fox's vibrator." Pmsl !!
" Who invented hugs? I mean the first hug would have been sooo awkward. "What are you doing, why are you holding me???" "Shh just trust me."
Well time for the count down 20 days til the worlds meant to end I've got my seat booked on a bar stool , but we all know it won't happen !
" There is no "I" in "team" ... but there are 3 U's in SHUT THE FUCK UP"
" My dog went blind last week. So for fun, I like to wear my luminous work vest and pretend I'm a guide human."
" Dear Pringles, As I'm no longer a child, I cannot fit my hand inside your tubes of deliciousness. Sincerely, Everyone over 8."
" Self control: The ability to prevent myself from beating the shit out of someone who desperately needs it."
" That fake laugh you do when you don't understand what somebody just said to you."
" 1 of Hardest things in life = Letting go of what you thought was real"
" Erase the messages, delete the numbers &amp; move on. You don’t have to forget them, but just accept that they aren’t that person anymore."
"@Laughbook: I hate when I'm singing and some idiot thinks they can join in with me... this is not Glee."
" #Pisces can never put their emotions in words, they use music to explain their feelings."
" Feelings dont walk away, people do.." Or have to cos there backed into a corner and made too !!!
@childreninneed pudseys adventures continue on @adsaperthinthecommunity facebook page
" The average female would like to have 4 to 5 sexual partners over her lifetime." Pmsl I'm defo not average xx
@kathusband89 yea I will need it x
Bring on friday cos I'm in the bear suit for the kiddies dancing pudsey is back #childreninneed so come down and give me a hug xxx
Why is all over the world buses run on time but in Britain there always late come on just once I wish it was on time !!
" Sitting too close to the TV won't ruin your eyesight." There we go gamers all day long we can play stick that in your pipe and smoke it !!
@This_Is_Perth o I will be there there's a big group of us coming out we are looking forward to it !!
@Louis__TomIison well you never follow me when I do it so you lie !
" I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside, and having to act like you don't care."
@martynwood_ lazy shit it take me forever to get my hair sniff proof
@Becksnco good one
" You have to look at yourself &amp; see where you're going wrong instead of trying to change the other person." Damn right !!
"@XSTROLOGY: #Pisces has a gift of seeing the truth."
@Becksnco I'm cool I quoting something that's all I do on here
@OfflciaIAdeIe already following :-)
Well my plan for the firework didn't happen first time ever I've missed the fireworks :-(
"@wizdom: Whenever you feel like going back to them, just remember you left for a reason, and going back doesn't reverse the problem."
"@PiscesAreUs: Push a #Pisces far enough and you'll see how vicious we can be"
" #IHaveToConfess fi yuo cna raed tihs whit no porlbem, yuo aer smrat. rtewete fi yuo aer smrat."
" Kissing will make your brain to get rid of pain and stress, and it also makes you happier."
" When you're happy, you enjoy the music. But when you're sad, you understand the lyrics."
