“If there's one thing that makes me throw up its a Dart board on the ceiling”
“@UnusuaIFactPage: In Finland, speeding tickets are determined by the driver’s annual income. Once, a man received a $200,000 fine.” OMG
“For a #Pisces, falling in love is very hard, staying in love is a challenging, letting go is very hard, and moving on is the deepest.” True
A
“@thegooglefact: The average woman will spend nearly one year of her lifetime trying to figure out what to wear.” Hahaha not this woman
“I don't care how loud I'm laughing, I'm having fun and you're not.”
“did you sit in frosted flakes?  'cause that ass is GRRRRRRRRRREAT!”
“I’m in a relationship with sleep and I get some every night... and if I'm lucky, I get some during the day.”
“While in the shower: 
2% Washing.
8% Singing.
90% Winning fake arguments.”
The awkward moment when you try and get though the before it shuts and you get face planted like a fool !!
“My ex is a perfect example of how stupid I can be”
Dear sneeze, If you are going to happen, happen. Don't put a stupid look on my face and leave it at that. Sincerely, I look like an idiot
"You look tired" = Nice way of saying that you look like shit.”
“ Once you begin to dislike someone, everything they do tend to annoy you.”
“If you cheat on your partner...it means you don't give a fuck about your relationship. There's NO excuse for cheating.”
“If you have a problem with my attitude please call 1-800-EAT-SHIT”
“i pretty much spend all day, everyday, just looking forward to go back to sleep.”
“People who hold the door for you when you're still so far away, forcing you into an awkward jog of gratitude.”
@CeejLynchette thank you yeah it's been good patch xxx
“ That depressing moment when you realise you left something at home.”
“Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it.” - The Lion King”
“Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize you were an expert on my life and how I should live it. Please continue while I take notes "
“ If I'm a bitch to you, you deserve it.”
" Do I miss you? Yeah. Do I want you back? No"
"Most times when she says she wants to end things with u, it usually means that she wants you to fight for her, not let her go" Never did !!
" Admit it. You're waiting for something that won't happen."
" It's so fucking crazy how you can go months without talking to someone but they still cross your mind every day."
"Never let a fool kiss you. Or a kiss fool you."
" When reality kicks in, add more alcohol."
" When someone is jealous, it just means they're afraid to lose you..."
" Hey Vegetarians, My food literally shits on your food..."
" I'm here on Twitter because my family is on Facebook."
"@reIatable: Dear someone, #IJustWantYouToKnow that I'll always be there for you, no matter what. ♥"
" Is your face from McDonalds, because I'm lovin it."
" I stopped talking to you because you're so full of shit."
" Parents sleeping= You being quiet as a mouse. You sleeping= Parents decide to vacuum for 2 hours."
" I don't even need to insult you. Your face speaks for itself."
" I don't miss you. I miss all the moments we shared together, you're gone but the memories aren't."
" Why do they call it a crush? Because that's how you feel when they don't feel the same way in return, crushed."
" There will always be a song in our playlist which we always skip, but never delete."
" I'm single because I can't take being lied to, cheated on, or getting another broken heart."
" Feeling unwanted sucks."
" Haters don't hate you. They hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they want to be."
" #Pisces in love want it all; love, marriage and sex. Pisces seeks and thrives on true love."
" The first person who's on your mind the moment you open your eyes after a long sleep is the reason of either your happiness or pain."
" I don't tell anyone my business. I know from experience that when you fall out with them &amp; they get mad, they'll tell the whole world."
"@FreddyAmazin: Yes, I still love you. Yes, I still care about you. Yes, I still think about you. But no, I don't want you back."
" Mum: Clean your room. We're having guests over for dinner. Me: I didn't realize that dinner will be held in my room."
" okay = everything's cool. okay? = you make no sense. okay... = you're creepy. okayy = i don't care. Okay. = i'm so pissed off."
" Hardest thing ever? Controlling your laughter at serious times."
"@SpeakComedy: That annoying couple who decided to show the world over Facebook and twitter how much they love each other."
" I'm sorry. Did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?"
" Be crazy, be weird, don't give a fuck about what anybody else thinks."
" wanna be remembered as the girl who always smiled. The one who could always brighten your day, even if she couldn't brighten her own"
" That awkward moment when you yawn so hard, your eyes water and people think you're crying."
" I’m a girl. I overreact. I underestimate. I overestimate. I over think everything. I dream big. And when I say I love you, I’m not lying."
" To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself."
"People call me idiot, crazy, mad but seriously i'm not crazy or like that i'm just creatively INSANE..!! ;)"
"@LovePhrase: You never realize how much you love someone until you watch them like someone else."
" Dear Santa, I've been good all year. OK most of the time. Once in a while. Fuck it I'll buy my own shit"
" Alcoholism: The problem that helps you forget all of your other problems." Best thing ever
" You think you love me but you don't you love the idea of someone loving you so much they would risk there life for you , karma will come !
"@SoDamnTrue: Unexpected text messages are always nice. The fact that the person took a little bit of their time to make you smile."
"When I text that means I miss you when I don't text that means I want you to miss me !!"
"Some girls just won't ever be wifey material until they set their priorities straight."
" Sex is like high school...you miss a period and you're in trouble."
" Whoever said technology will replace paper, had obviously never tried to wipe their ass with an iPad..."
" Strangers think I'm quiet, my friends think I'm outgoing, my best friends know I'm insane."
"Sarcasm: confusing stupid people and pissing off idiots everywhere."
Well top of the morning to you all you will need gloves if you stay in Britain it is cold !
Hahaha @psy_oppa is more watched on you tube and googled more than anyone in the world that's the way to go
"@reIationships: Don't mess with someone else's relationship just because you can't get one."
@childreninneed you wanna look at this http://t.co/gWPZcC9q I did this for you and all the children that need the money I'm in the suit xxxx
"@sickipediabot: Hey! Tim, show Joel how everything you touch turns to skittles... Except your clothes and the chair."
Love is what most people ask for or need I need it to but being hurt as often as I have love is just a 4 letter word that I cry for always ☹
" Life is a roller-coaster. You can either scream every time you hit a bump or you can throw your hands up in the air and enjoy the moment."
@kathusband89 you better x
" Sometimes, it’s not the person you miss, but the feelings and moments you had when you were with them."
@FoldingStars___ go on its funny :-)
@FoldingStars___ do it do it :-) xx
@This_Is_Perth how much is the entry on saturday ?
" Im not cocky.Im confident. I'm not selfish.Im selfless.Im not rude.Im blunt. I'm not stupid. I make mistakes.Im not you. I'm a #Pisces"
#whereyourpoppywithpride start the trend !!
"@WorstOfPisces: #Pisces are very complex characters with deep emotional feelings and an interesting intellect."
@Becksnco I get them off sites I only retweet the truth
" I don't care if you're black, white, straight, gay, lesbian, short, fat, skinny, rich, or poor. If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you"
" It's only so many "second chances" you can give somebody. If nothing's changing, be strong enough to let go."
"@LifeProbIems: I'm done trying. If you want me in your life, let me know."
Love the rumour mill its so funny someone really has nothing better to do but destroy my life guess what it can't get no worse boot bitch !
" Never jump to conclusions without finding out what's going on."
"@wizdom: It’s hard to trust someone the second time around, after they have given you one big reason to doubt their intentions."
"@TheFunnySayings: Not telling me something because you "didn't want to piss me off" is probably the best way to piss me off."
When people walk away from you , let them walk , your destiny is not tied to anybody who left
" LISTEN and SILENT are spelled with the same letters." Lol
