..I'm sure my Grandma knew how to use a party popper.She doesn't anymore.This Xmas it took 5 attempts until she finally popped it in my eye.
...we had a scary neighbour. I remember walking past the window and seeing a dirty grey beard and balding head. She really was terrifying.
...if I said to my Mum I had a Friday follower, she'd have called the police and reported a stalker.
...my plans for playing in the school football team were cut short when, during trials, I threw the ball out of play during a throw in.
...I kept a diary. Was it full of deep, wise sentiments? No-it was the ramblings of a horny 13 yr old who fancied all his female classmates.
...I never helped lay the table except for at Christmas. Because then I would make sure I had the heaviest cracker.
...I admired mum for complimenting the crap I brought back from home economics. My brother told it to me straight-"This lasagne looks shit".
...Vienetta added a touch of sophistication and class to a Sunday roast dinner.
..I spent ages practising magic from my Paul Daniels magic set,but not one trick fooled my friends.Turns out they all had a Paul Daniels set
...I planted a time capsule in 1999; in it was a poem I'd written. I hope it never gets discovered- I tried to rhyme millenium with sodium!
...and I got my first mobile, I was constantly droping the phrase 'Shall I phone a friend?' into conversations in order to flash my nokia.
...we were made to change into our PE kit in the classroom. Was this normal? I hope so or I will be very disappointed in Mr. Cartwright.
..investing the time to go to a birthday party for someone I didn't like at least resulted in a party bag.Nowadays theres just no incentive.
..I loved @andipeters cameo in Toy Story2. I finally got round to seeing Toy Story3 recently.Sadly the baggage handler isnt a recurring role
(an i-pad / an eye-pad. Oh hush now, it sort of works).
..most conversations would go like,'Got, Got, Need'.Today it's the same,although it's about types of insurance rather than football stickers
...I was told not to talk to strangers. This has since caused many dilemnas at job interviews.
...I saw Jumanji at the cinema. I never believed a board game could affect reality until I played monopoly once & the bank ran out of money.
..my Mum specifically went to a posh shop to buy a tin of beans for my school harvest festival.When I took them in,I had to take the bag too
...someone took a photo of me in the bath (I say someone, I hope it was a member of the family). It ended up on facebook last week. DE-TAG.
...I had a Goosebumps calendar. A friend stayed over one night but had to go home because the calendar scared him.
...Fearne Cotton wasn't on the television. I miss those days.
...we had a tuck shop at the School Disco. The sweets cost a lot less than what those guys in nightclub toilets charge for lollipops
...'Babe' was nominated for a Bafta but didn't win. On the same day I learnt the meaning of the word 'Injustice'.
...I once wet myself in the post office. For this reason I don't want children- I wouldn't want my son laughing at me if it happened again!
