...it would be around now that I would have just about emotionally recovered from the New Year barn dance at the local village hall.
...i always had a candy cigarette somewhere on my person. Just in case trouble rose up, so I could look intimidating.
hormones did silly things 2 me.The most inconvenient was a spontaneous erection during assembly.No-one needs a boner during the Lords prayer
...I was made to watch Muzzy to improve my education. So I now think that green bears exist & that they are fluent in european languages.
..there was a rumour that a boy at school had opened a bag of walkers to find a little blue envelope with £10 in. For one day he was a hero.
...I used to hide behind my mother's knee.These days what with her Arthritis, it stinks of 'Deep Heat' there now. I need a new hiding place.
...scoring a goal during a lunchtime kickaround was the best feeling; that, and sharpening your pencil so it made a really long shaving.
...can you believe I was made to sit on a stranger's knee whilst he interrogated me&cast judgement over whether I'd been a good or bad boy.
..I tried to convince my friends that if they could look past 'Im a Barbie Girl', the Aqua album was actually a sophisticated piece of work.
...I never had a lesson in 'How to flap your arms in a driver's wing mirror during a tricky parallell park'. It should be on the curriculum.
...I didn't pass my cycling proficiency test. I've yet to be pulled over and asked to show my cycling proficiency though- phew!
..we had a naughty mat at school. I hope it has since shrugged off that reputation & is now regarded as a nice, pleasant & agreeable mat.
...I dreamed of one day working somewhere where I had a bed for lunchtime naps. A job at Bensons for Beds wasn't quite what I had in mind
...my lunchbox contained a cheesestring, a peperami and a small bottle of sunny delight. How I'm not orange coloured & obese I don't know.
...an i-pad was something grandad used to cover-up his bad eye.
...I never once during a PE lesson looked down at my plimsolls and thought, "You know what, one day these will be fashionable"
...I went on holiday to New Zealand&had a lovely time in Christchurch. Thoughts&Prayers to all affected http://www.redcross.org.nz/donations
...I would go to bed with a glass of milk. These days I have something else in bed with me of course ;) ...Horlicks.
...I thought my brother had the ability to predict what would happen next in Neighbours. (Later, I realised it was shown at lunchtimes too).
...I couldn't afford to buy a Tracy Island so I made a paper mache one. I just looked on Amazon, it now costs £99. I still can't afford one.
...your answer to the question 'custard skin?' at the school canteen could define your friendship group.
...putting clipart on homework was guaranteed to impress teachers.
...I had a crush on Harmony Parker from The Queen's Nose. If you're out there, actress who played Harmony, Happy Valentine's day x
...to "comment on someones wall post" meant to compliment (or critique) the part of a fence which was structurally supported by a wall.
