@RonBurgundyyyy @Jak3TheD0g @Heather_Skye_ Keep away from my sister or i'll shag your girlfriend
Got a bad feeling about this
My phobia of the dark is too gay #phobia #RadioFeedback #doyouevenbreakdown
@liamTK I'm gonna start a beatdown rap band by myself and destroy the corinna
Had to listen to radio 1 today, that put a downer on my day
I have no idea what to do with life but i'm gonna stay positive, it's got to go my way some day!
I like being on the bus listening to rap that's about proper filthy things, people don't know what i'm heaaarinngg, they just don't know
SHABBA
Birds asleep, I'm stuck in her room with nothing to do or eat, hehehe
N££D $M0K£
You better sing the blues and say goodnight, close your eyes motherfucker, sleep tight!
Late night thinking, I just want to go back to playing shows :/
Wanna watch some inspiring film
My girlfriend is making me watch exorcism films, I can't do this, worst fear.
@ConalGrieve @liamtk when I seem them they said it would be out In November, no long to wait!
Feel like just getting on the bus and disappearing
It really sucks that the new ADTR album disappointed me, really thought it was gonna be amazing.
@liamTK So hot, why aye.
@ConalGrieve @liamtk how? You done it before?
Twist my head clean off, put me to sleep with your kind boots, Mr. Fancy Man.
I fucking hate the world, i fucking hate myself, i swear i'd never fucking feel like this.
It's not about how well you be someone else
, how about for once you try and be your fucking self

When will I feel comfortable in my own skin!!
@suckmyv4g get one rolled
I've never felt a pain and love this hallow #MTL #morethanlife
Need the new More Than Life record bad.
Follow me up http://t.co/gjS1UWNnLl
Car pooling with Lewis
Celebrity makes a triangle shape or covers their eye, suddenly becomes an illuminati conspiracy
I will no longer sway with the willows, i will stand strong alone!
MAN DOWN
Sic transit Gloria... Glory Fades.
Nearly 19 and I'm not even famous, why did my parents even bother? gonna go make myself sick.
NEW MORE THAN LIFE SONG IN TWO DAYS!!!
Finding a name to name your band is annoying
Rotting out next then Bring Me, yeah man
I should have went to Outbreak :,(
Watching Dredd with the girlfriend, init though
My skin knows evil to well, but it never knew you
Landscapes were tight last night, now I need to wait till Monday for Being As An Ocean, waaah
Skyler is such a fucking cunt
All my friends are dead
so many cunts i'd love to kill, show some fucking respect you failed abortion
@liamTK loft tonite bruv?
I wish i was Waka Flocka
@ScottyT_E Courtney is gettting it done init
There's no redemption at the end of this, fuck it, so be it, it is what it is
@liamTK fucking stoner
Can't wait to play some shows with my new band, sounding so angry and in your face
You don't have to tell me, we all got our secrets, even if i had a feeling, i wouldn't know the truth for several years.
Misery fucking loves me and i love her too
Not even been home 24 hours and i've had £16 stolen out my pocket and my ipod is gone.
I learnt a lot about being a friend, when i was alone.
@liamTK next thursday? i will if you remind me haha
who to follow, Yashin, pls, i'm offended
Born to bleed fighting to succeed, built to endure what this world throws at me
Gonna book my basement tattoo when I'm next in town #emo #fangirl
I need to be put down
When I feel like laughing, I dream about the end, I guess I'm just sick in the head
Turnstile motherfuckaa
well good day skating, gonna do it tomorrow again but with loads of Daylight and Citizen
It's so obvious, you're living a fucking lie.
Found out last night that I am in fact the 2nd coming/ day walker vampire
Fuck you, die slow.
I hope you feel it in your heart and you fall apart. I'm coming down swinging my heavy hand.
Some people never learn, i would have been angry about it a couple of weeks ago but now all i can do is laugh at your stupidity.
Do what we like and we like what we do
Lyin to my mother, even stealin out her purse, crime after crime, from drugs to extortion, i know my mother wished she got a fuckin abortion
Play dat heavy shit
I'll take your brain to another dimension.
Benny Harvey RIP, miss you big man, gone but not forgotten.
@nickgriffinmep I want to jump on your head.
glove slap, baby, glove slap.
PCM Anxiety Crew 2k13.
I really want to move on but I need the time to hurry up, will things stop going so slowly, it's not good for my head.
Don't paint me black, when I used to be golden.
@Dean_Insights I am strong Dean, i've got the muscles to prove it.
New tired eyes is so emo, watch out. We won't be bringing this stuff out for a wee bit though! #crywank
Austin Powers to start off my day
I want to move so, so far away from here.
I am done with getting drunk and saying stupid shit, i always realise how fucking lame i am.
I'm so sad, they'll never make another episode of the office, it was such a good ending!
Need a shotty
It wasn't even me who made my last one
http://t.co/Jfqsayixmf
I wish you'd realise and just care.
Better be juice downstairs #hungover #hingin #dead
