Snapchat me for much fun :)) Jahphilme420 xD lmao xxxxx
No fucking peace
My life is so hard, wah wah, must cry all  over the Internet :,(
Getting a tattoo on bone tomorrow, i am v nervous
No neg vibes, only posi, SHABBA
Stare an old woman in the face while listening to Suicidal Thoughts by biggie
SHA-SHABBA RANKS
V HUNGAY
Want my old life back, playing gigs and smoking loads of weed, gimme dat.
I'm stood here on the outside, on the outside looking in
:(
I get to see More Than Life, I am beyond stoked for this! #mtl #morethanlife
She destroyed me with a Pizza Hut so i owe her :(
@liamTK @conalgrieve not even heard it, at my birds so I can't :(
Gonna get rat arsed toniteeee
Far too paranoid
I never know what to say
@ConalGrieve they are Muslims init
@liamTK @conalgrieve how can you get tickets, it's sold out?
@liamTK mosher
I don't understand why i have to give my parents dig money, i'm never even in the house.
Smoked some zoots, now time for the south park butters collection
We are the sound, we don't belong, so raise up your hand and sing along #alexisonfire
Know your connections.
I'd be good at singing if i had an English accent, that annoys me.
I'm sorry for the mess I've made, when you wake up i'll finally be gone from this place, Soon enough you won't even remember my face.
Everyone is a slut these days
Can't really sleep well without my girl friend being in the same bed, so tired.
GOD! I'M SO SICK OF THIS PLACE!
@ConalGrieve Yes bruv, rice and peas
Fucking arsehole, don't give a fuck who you are m8, you'll get shot, gun to the face mother fucker, suck my dick you pussy, bitch, cunt, RIP
Casa Bonita.
Wow, exactly 1 month till 19, such age.
Yes m8 http://t.co/M8I6RULal7
Distance rules everything around me
BAAO was fun tonight
Girlfriend is sleeping, breaking bad time it is!
@Abandon___Ship nopeeee
I never asked to be ill, but you made this in me
@liamTK tattoo'd chick
Never thought i would but i really dig Heavy Hands now
I stopped living when i drained my heart
@liamTK gaaaaaay
@5klm You got to raise the roof before you're ready to raise a baby.
@ScottyT_E for me not her ahah
Getting my hair bleached on tuesday, this is going to be amusing
@liamTK Perth youth crew
Beef
Who is this preacher man and why aint he preaching no more
I've lost weight, fucking loosing this beer belly, i wont be chubby for long.
I'm need of a joint, i don't enjoy baby sitting, stuck in the house for the whole night, that sucks.
2 episodes of Arrested Development before bed keeps me happy.
@liamTK Sound dudeeee
@liamTK Loft it.
My life is finally over, the reapers got his grip on me.
Malev are gr8, just so gr8
Someone punch me In the face xoxo
Girlfriend doesn't finish work till 8, waaaah hurry up @itsc0urtney
When i'm truly happy, i wish that i was dead, maybe I'm just sick In the head
@liamTK maybe in a bit like, i wanna get some sweet bowl stuff done at crieff before i think about going to perth haha
@liamTK ill crowd kill
I don't think the drunk me realises that dancing at a party or a night club isn't like at a hardcore show, forever pointing guns
I feel as if I might die
It's not the same thing, this time I want to see you suffering
Turnstile are fucking incredible
No pity for fools.
Tempted to watch all 9 seasons of The Office again
When i die, fuck it, i want to go to hell, cause i'm a piece of shit, it aint hard to fucking tell.
https://t.co/bOmVsY5Wku
I keep forgetting that i have a phone now, that used to not carrying one.
Desolated just brought out merch that looks exactly like the merch i did for my band, FUCK!!!
Guy that's fixing my shower came up to my dog and said that his son had a pug too... get out my fucking house.
Numb but i still feel it, crawling under my skin, i threw it all away, but it still stays the same.
I GOT DA MONEYZZZZ
I hate waiting for something that I know I'll fuck up anyways, actually should prepare myself this time.
Gonna get a rose hand tattoo because i swear i'm unique!
Why would you upload a photo of yourself crying, like fucking why!?
And I'm spent
So my band may have a weekender this month, can't wait to start playing shows again, got some cool shows coming up
My dog Bruce snores like a large fat man
I miss the office so bad.
i am about to watch the last episode of the office, i am going to be a mess. heeelpppp
Fuck it man, i'm gonna make sandwiches and watch the office
Tumblr reset my theme, fucking arseholes
Got tattoo'd last week #tattoo #Acab http://t.co/wRf4U6Lvn0
You're just a bad person.
And still all I see is that bastard in me.
